Package: activity-aware-firefox
 akonadi-backend-mysql
akonadi-backend-postgresql
akonadi-backend-sqlite
akonadi-server
libakonadi-data
libakonadi-dev
libakonadi-dev-bin
libakonadiserver-dev
libkf5akonadi-data
libkf5akonadi-dev
libkf5akonadi-dev-bin
libkf5akonadiagentbase5
libkf5akonadicore5abi2
libkf5akonadiprivate5abi2
libkf5akonadiserver-dev
libkf5akonadiwidgets5abi1
libkf5akonadixml5akonadi-backend-mysql
libkpim6akonadiagentbase6
libkpim6akonadicore6
libkpim6akonadiprivate6
libkpim6akonadiwidgets6
libkpim6akonadixml6
 kalendarac
libkf5akonadicalendar-data
libkf5akonadicalendar-dev
libkf5akonadicalendar5abi1
 konsolekalendar
 akonadiconsole
 akonadi-contacts-data
libkf5akonadicontact-dev
libkf5akonadicontact5
libkf5contacteditor-dev
libkf5contacteditor5
 akonadi-import-wizard
libkpimimportwizard-dev
libkpimimportwizard5
 akonadi-mime-data
libakonadimime-dev
libkf5akonadimime-dev
libkf5akonadimime5akonadi-mime-data
libkpim6akonadimime6
 libkf5akonadinotes-dev
libkf5akonadinotes5libakonadinotes-dev
libkpim6akonadinotes6
 libkf5akonadisearch-bin
libkf5akonadisearch-data
libkf5akonadisearch-dev
libkf5akonadisearch-plugins
libkf5akonadisearchcore5t64
libkf5akonadisearchdebug5t64
libkf5akonadisearchpim5t64
libkf5akonadisearchxapian5t64
 akregator
 alkimia-bin
alkimia-data
libalkimia5-8
libalkimia5-dev
plasma-widget-foreigncurrencies
qml-module-org-kde-alkimia
 amarok
amarok-common
amarok-doc
amarok-utils
 analitza-common
libanalitza-dev
libanalitza8
libanalitzagui8
libanalitzaplot8
libanalitzawidgets8
qml-module-org-kde-analitza
 arkark
 artikulate
 libkf5attica-dev
libkf5attica-doc
libkf5attica5
 kio-audiocd
kio-audiocd-dev
 baloo-kf5
baloo-kf5-dev
libkf5baloo-doc
libkf5baloo5
libkf5balooengine5
libkf5balooengine5baloo-kf5
 libkf5baloowidgets-bin
libkf5baloowidgets-dev
libkf5baloowidgets5
 basket
basket-data
 kwin-bismuth
 blinken
 bluedevilbluedevil
 libkf5bluezqt-data
libkf5bluezqt-dev
libkf5bluezqt-doc
libkf5bluezqt6
qml-module-org-kde-bluezqt
 bomber
 bovo
 breeze
breeze-cursor-theme
breeze-dev
kde-style-breeze
kwin-style-breeze
kwin-style-breezebreeze
 grub-theme-breezegrub-theme-breeze
 breeze-gtk-theme
gtk3-engines-breezebreeze-gtk-theme
 breeze-icon-theme
breeze-icon-theme-rcc
breeze-icon-theme-rccbreeze-icon-theme
 plymouth-theme-breezeplymouth-theme-breeze
 calamares-extensions
calamares-extensions-data
 calligra
calligra-data
calligra-gemini
calligra-gemini-data
calligra-libs
calligrasheets
calligrasheets-data
calligrastage
calligrastage-data
calligrawords
calligrawords-data
karbon
okular-backend-odp
okular-backend-odt
 calligraplan
 cantor
cantor-backend-kalgebra
cantor-backend-lua
cantor-backend-maxima
cantor-backend-octave
cantor-backend-python3
cantor-backend-qalculate
cantor-backend-r
cantor-backend-sage
cantor-backend-scilab
libcantor-dev
libcantorlibs-data
libcantorlibs28abi1t64
 cervisia
cvsservice
 charmtimetracker
 choqok
 clazy
clazy-tests
 colord-kde
 convertall
 libctemplate-dev
libctemplate3t64
 debconf-kde-data
debconf-kde-helper
libdebconf-kde-dev
libdebconf-kde1
 digikam
digikam-data
digikam-datadigikam-private-libs
digikam-private-libs
showfoto
 dolphin
dolphin-dev
libdolphinvcs-dev
libdolphinvcs5
 dolphin-plugins
 dragonplayer
 drkonqidrkonqi
 elisaelisa
 exiv2
libexiv2-27
libexiv2-28
libexiv2-data
libexiv2-dev
libexiv2-doc
libexiv2-docexiv2
 extra-cmake-modules
extra-cmake-modules-doc
extra-cmake-modules-docextra-cmake-modules
 ffmpegthumbs
 filelight
 kde-config-flatpakkde-config-flatpak
 frameworkintegration
libkf5style-dev
libkf5style5
 gammaray
gammaray-dev
gammaray-devgammaray
gammaray-plugin-bluetooth
gammaray-plugin-kjobtracker
gammaray-plugin-positioning
gammaray-plugin-quickinspector
gammaray-plugin-waylandinspector
 gcompris-qt
gcompris-qt-data
 ghostwriter
 granatier
 libgrantlee-templates5
libgrantlee-textdocument5
libgrantlee5-dev
 kdepim-themeeditors
  gtk2-engines-oxygen
 gwenview
 icecc
libicecc-dev
 icecc-monitor
 libimmer-dev
 indi-bin
indi-binlibindidriver2
libindi-data
libindi-dev
libindi-plugins
libindialignmentdriver1
libindialignmentdriver2
libindiclient1
libindiclient2
libindidriver1
libindilx200-1
libindilx200-2
 itinerary
 juk
 k3b
k3b-data
k3b-extrathemes
k3b-i18n
libk3b-dev
libk3b-extracodecs
libk3b-extracodecsk3b
libk3b8
libk3b8t64
 kaccounts-integration
libkaccounts-dev
libkaccounts2
libkaccounts6-2
libkaccounts6-dev
qml-module-org-kde-kaccountskaccounts-integration
qml6-module-org-kde-kaccounts
 kaccounts-providers
 kactivities-bin
libkf5activities-dev
libkf5activities-doc
libkf5activities5
qml-module-org-kde-activities
 libkf5activitiesstats-dev
libkf5activitiesstats-doc
libkf5activitiesstats1
 kactivitymanagerdkactivitymanagerd
 kaddressbook
kaddressbook-data
libkpimaddressbookimportexport-dev
libkpimaddressbookimportexport5
 kaffeine
 kaidan
 kajongg
 kalarm
 kalendar
 kalgebra
kalgebra-common
kalgebramobile
 kalzium
kalzium-data
 kamera
 kamoso
 kanagram
 kapidox
 kapman
 kapptemplate
 libkf5archive-data
libkf5archive-dev
libkf5archive-doc
libkf5archive5
 kate
kate5-data
kwrite
 katomic
 libkf5auth-data
libkf5auth-dev
libkf5auth-dev-bin
libkf5auth-doc
libkf5auth5
libkf5authcore5
 kbackup
 kblackbox
 kblocks
 libkf5bookmarks-data
libkf5bookmarks-dev
libkf5bookmarks-doc
libkf5bookmarks5
 kbounce
 kbreakout
 kbruch
 kcachegrind
kcachegrind-converters
 kcalckcalc
 libkf5calendarcore-dev
libkf5calendarcore-doc
libkf5calendarcore5abi2
 libkf5calendarutils-dev
libkf5calendarutils5
 kcharselect
 kchmviewer
 libkf5kcmutils-bin
libkf5kcmutils-data
libkf5kcmutils-dev
libkf5kcmutils-doc
libkf5kcmutils5
libkf5kcmutilscore5
qml-module-org-kde-kcmutils
 libkf5codecs-data
libkf5codecs-dev
libkf5codecs-doc
libkf5codecs5
 kcollectd
 kcolorchooser
 libkcolorpicker-qt5-0
libkcolorpicker-qt5-dev
libkcolorpicker-qt6-0
libkcolorpicker-qt6-dev
 libkf5completion-data
libkf5completion-dev
libkf5completion-doc
libkf5completion5
 libkf5config-bin
libkf5config-data
libkf5config-dev
libkf5config-dev-bin
libkf5config-doc
libkf5configcore5
libkf5configgui5
libkf5configqml5
 libkf5configwidgets-data
libkf5configwidgets-dev
libkf5configwidgets-doc
libkf5configwidgets5
 libkf5contacts-data
libkf5contacts-dev
libkf5contacts-doc
libkf5contacts5
 libkf5coreaddons-data
libkf5coreaddons-dev
libkf5coreaddons-dev-bin
libkf5coreaddons-doc
libkf5coreaddons5
 libkf5crash-dev
libkf5crash-doc
libkf5crash5
 kde-config-cron
 libkf5dav-data
libkf5dav-dev
libkf5dav-doc
libkf5dav5
 libkdb-data
libkdb3-4abi1
libkdb3-dev
libkdb3-driver-mysql
libkdb3-driver-postgresql
libkdb3-driver-sqlite
 libkf5dbusaddons-bin
libkf5dbusaddons-data
libkf5dbusaddons-dev
libkf5dbusaddons-doc
libkf5dbusaddons5
 kdebugsettings
 kpackagelauncherqml
libkf5calendarevents5
libkf5declarative-data
libkf5declarative-dev
libkf5declarative-doc
libkf5declarative5
libkf5quickaddons5
qml-module-org-kde-draganddrop
qml-module-org-kde-graphicaleffects
qml-module-org-kde-kcm
qml-module-org-kde-kconfig
qml-module-org-kde-kcoreaddons
qml-module-org-kde-kio
qml-module-org-kde-kquickcontrols
qml-module-org-kde-kquickcontrolsaddons
qml-module-org-kde-kwindowsystem
 kde-cli-tools
kde-cli-tools-data
kde-cli-tools-datakde-cli-tools
 kdeconnect
nautilus-kdeconnect
 libkdecorations2-5v5
libkdecorations2-dev
libkdecorations2private10libkdecorations2-6
libkdecorations2private11
 kded5
kded5-dev
 kdesdk-scripts
 kpartloader
kuiviewer
 kdeedu-data
kdeedu-kvtml-data
 libqmobipocket-dev
libqmobipocket2
libqmobipocket6-2
libqmobipocket6-dev
 kdegraphics-thumbnailers
 kde-config-gtk-style
kde-config-gtk-style-preview
kde-config-gtk-style-previewkde-config-gtk-style
 kde-inotify-survey
 libkf5kdelibs4support-data
libkf5kdelibs4support-dev
libkf5kdelibs4support5-bin
libkf5kdelibs4support5t64
 kdenetwork-filesharing
 kdepim-addons
 kdepim-runtime
 kdeplasma-addons-data
kwin-addons
plasma-calendar-addons
plasma-dataengines-addons
plasma-runners-addons
plasma-wallpapers-addons
plasma-widgets-addons
plasma-widgets-addonskdeplasma-addons-data
 kio-perldoc
 kdesdk-thumbnailers
 kdesignerplugin-data
kgendesignerplugin
kgendesignerplugin-bin
 kde-spectacle
 libkf5su-bin
libkf5su-data
libkf5su-dev
libkf5su-doc
libkf5su5
 kdesvn
kdesvn-kio-plugins
 kdevelop
kdevelop-data
kdevelop-dev
kdevelop-l10n
kdevelop512-libs
plasma-kdevelop
 kdevelop-pg-qt
 kdevelop-php
kdevelop-php-l10n
 kdevelop-python
kdevelop-python-data
kdevelop-python-l10n
 libkf5webkit-dev
libkf5webkit5
 kdf
 libkchart-dev
libkchart2
libkchart2-l10n
libkgantt-dev
libkgantt2
libkgantt2-l10n
 kdialog
 kdiamond
 kdiff3
kdiff3-doc
 libkf5dnssd-data
libkf5dnssd-dev
libkf5dnssd-doc
libkf5dnssd5
 kdoctools5
libkf5doctools-dev
libkf5doctools5
 keditbookmarks
 libkf5emoticons-bin
libkf5emoticons-data
libkf5emoticons-dev
libkf5emoticons-doc
libkf5emoticons5
 keurocalc
keurocalc-data
 kexi
kexi-data
kexi-mysql-driver
kexi-postgresql-driver
kexi-web-form-widget
 kf5-messagelib-data
libkf5messagecomposer-dev
libkf5messagecomposer5abi1t64
libkf5messagecore-dev
libkf5messagecore5abi1t64
libkf5messagelist-dev
libkf5messagelist5abi1t64
libkf5messageviewer-dev
libkf5messageviewer5abi1t64
libkf5mimetreeparser-dev
libkf5mimetreeparser5abi1t64
libkf5templateparser-dev
libkf5templateparser5t64
libkf5webengineviewer-dev
libkf5webengineviewer5abi1t64
 libkf6attica-dev
libkf6attica-doc
libkf6attica6
 baloo6
libkf6baloo-dev
libkf6baloo-doc
libkf6baloo6
libkf6balooengine6
qml6-module-org-kde-baloo
qml6-module-org-kde-baloobaloo6
 libkf6bluezqt-data
libkf6bluezqt-dev
libkf6bluezqt-doc
libkf6bluezqt6
qml6-module-org-kde-bluezqt
qml6-module-org-kde-bluezqtlibkf6bluezqt-data
 kf6-breeze-icon-theme
kf6-breeze-icon-theme-rcc
libkf6breezeicons-dev
libkf6breezeicons6
 frameworkintegration6
libkf6style-dev
libkf6style6
 kapidox6
 libkf6archive-data
libkf6archive-dev
libkf6archive-doc
libkf6archive6
 libkf6auth-data
libkf6auth-dev
libkf6auth-dev-bin
libkf6auth-doc
libkf6authcore6
 libkf6bookmarks-data
libkf6bookmarks-dev
libkf6bookmarks-doc
libkf6bookmarks6
libkf6bookmarkswidgets6
 libkf6calendarcore-dev
libkf6calendarcore-doc
libkf6calendarcore6
libkf6calendarcore6libkf6calendarcore-dev
qml6-module-org-kde-calendarcore
 libkf6kcmutils-bin
libkf6kcmutils-data
libkf6kcmutils-dev
libkf6kcmutils-doc
libkf6kcmutils6
libkf6kcmutilscore6
libkf6kcmutilsquick6
qml6-module-org-kde-kcmutils
qml6-module-org-kde-kcmutilslibkf6kcmutils-bin
 libkf6codecs-data
libkf6codecs-dev
libkf6codecs-doc
libkf6codecs6
 libkf6colorscheme-data
libkf6colorscheme-dev
libkf6colorscheme-doc
libkf6colorscheme6
 libkf6completion-data
libkf6completion-dev
libkf6completion-doc
libkf6completion6
 libkf6config-bin
libkf6config-data
libkf6config-dev
libkf6config-dev-bin
libkf6config-doc
libkf6configcore6
libkf6configgui6
libkf6configqml6
qml6-module-org-kde-config
 libkf6configwidgets-data
libkf6configwidgets-dev
libkf6configwidgets-doc
libkf6configwidgets6
 libkf6contacts-data
libkf6contacts-dev
libkf6contacts-doc
libkf6contacts6
qml6-module-org-kde-contacts
 libkf6coreaddons-data
libkf6coreaddons-dev
libkf6coreaddons-doc
libkf6coreaddons6
qml6-module-org-kde-coreaddons
 libkf6crash-dev
libkf6crash-doc
libkf6crash6
 libkf6dav-data
libkf6dav-dev
libkf6dav-doc
libkf6dav6
libkf6dav6libkf6dav-data
 libkf6dbusaddons-bin
libkf6dbusaddons-data
libkf6dbusaddons-dev
libkf6dbusaddons-doc
libkf6dbusaddons6
 libkf6calendarevents6
libkf6declarative-data
libkf6declarative-dev
libkf6declarative-doc
qml6-module-org-kde-draganddrop
qml6-module-org-kde-graphicaleffects
qml6-module-org-kde-kquickcontrols
qml6-module-org-kde-kquickcontrolsaddons
 kded6
kded6-dev
 libkf6su-bin
libkf6su-data
libkf6su-dev
libkf6su-doc
libkf6su6
 libkf6dnssd-data
libkf6dnssd-dev
libkf6dnssd-doc
libkf6dnssd6
 kdoctools6
libkf6doctools-dev
libkf6doctools-doc
libkf6doctools6
 libkf6filemetadata-bin
libkf6filemetadata-data
libkf6filemetadata-dev
libkf6filemetadata-doc
libkf6filemetadata3
 libkf6globalaccel-data
libkf6globalaccel-dev
libkf6globalaccel-doc
libkf6globalaccel6
 libkf6guiaddons-bin
libkf6guiaddons-data
libkf6guiaddons-dev
libkf6guiaddons-doc
libkf6guiaddons6
 libkf6holidays-data
libkf6holidays-dev
libkf6holidays-doc
libkf6holidays6
qml6-module-org-kde-kholidays
 libkf6i18n-data
libkf6i18n-dev
libkf6i18n-doc
libkf6i18n6
libkf6i18nlocaledata6
qml6-module-org-kde-i18n-localedata
 libkf6iconthemes-bin
libkf6iconthemes-data
libkf6iconthemes-dev
libkf6iconthemes-doc
libkf6iconthemes6
libkf6iconwidgets6
qml6-module-org-kde-iconthemes
 libkf6idletime-dev
libkf6idletime-doc
libkf6idletime6
 kimageformat6-plugins
 kio6
libkf6kio-dev
libkf6kio-doc
libkf6kiocore6
libkf6kiofilewidgets6
libkf6kiogui6
libkf6kiowidgets6
libkf6kiowidgets6kio6
 libkirigami-data
libkirigami-dev
libkirigami-doc
libkirigami6
libkirigamidelegates6
libkirigamidialogs6
libkirigamilayouts6
libkirigamiplatform6
libkirigamiprimitives6
libkirigamiprivate6
qml6-module-org-kde-kirigami
 libkf6itemmodels-dev
libkf6itemmodels-doc
libkf6itemmodels6
qml6-module-org-kde-kitemmodels
 libkf6itemviews-data
libkf6itemviews-dev
libkf6itemviews-doc
libkf6itemviews6
 libkf6jobwidgets-data
libkf6jobwidgets-dev
libkf6jobwidgets-doc
libkf6jobwidgets6
 knewstuff-dialog6
libkf6newstuff-data
libkf6newstuff-dev
libkf6newstuff-doc
libkf6newstuffcore6
libkf6newstuffwidgets6
qml6-module-org-kde-newstuff
 libkf6notifications-data
libkf6notifications-dev
libkf6notifications-doc
libkf6notifications6
qml6-module-org-kde-notifications
 libkf6notifyconfig-data
libkf6notifyconfig-dev
libkf6notifyconfig-doc
libkf6notifyconfig6
libkf6notifyconfig6libkf6notifyconfig-data
 kpackagetool6
libkf6package-data
libkf6package-dev
libkf6package-doc
libkf6package6
 libkf6parts-data
libkf6parts-dev
libkf6parts-doc
libkf6parts6
libkf6parts6libkf6parts-data
 libkf6people-data
libkf6people-dev
libkf6people-doc
libkf6people6
libkf6peoplebackend6
libkf6peoplewidgets6
qml6-module-org-kde-people
qml6-module-org-kde-peoplelibkf6people-data
 libkf6plotting-dev
libkf6plotting-doc
libkf6plotting6
 libkf6pty-data
libkf6pty-dev
libkf6pty-doc
libkf6pty6
 libquickcharts-dev
libquickcharts1
libquickchartscontrols1
qml6-module-org-kde-quickcharts
qml6-module-org-kde-quickchartslibquickcharts1
 libkf6runner-dev
libkf6runner-doc
libkf6runner6
 libkf6service-bin
libkf6service-data
libkf6service-dev
libkf6service-doc
libkf6service6
 libkf6statusnotifieritem-data
libkf6statusnotifieritem-dev
libkf6statusnotifieritem-doc
libkf6statusnotifieritem6
 libkf6svg-dev
libkf6svg-doc
libkf6svg6
qml6-module-org-kde-ksvg
 libkf6texteditor-bin
libkf6texteditor-data
libkf6texteditor-dev
libkf6texteditor-doc
libkf6texteditor-katepart
libkf6texteditor6
libkf6texteditor6libkf6texteditor-data
 libkf6texttemplate-dev
libkf6texttemplate-doc
libkf6texttemplate6
libkf6texttemplate6libkf6texttemplate-dev
 libkf6textwidgets-data
libkf6textwidgets-dev
libkf6textwidgets-doc
libkf6textwidgets6
 libkf6unitconversion-data
libkf6unitconversion-dev
libkf6unitconversion-doc
libkf6unitconversion6
 libkf6userfeedback-bin
libkf6userfeedback-data
libkf6userfeedback-dev
libkf6userfeedback-doc
libkf6userfeedbackcore6
libkf6userfeedbackwidgets6
qml6-module-org-kde-userfeedback
qml6-module-org-kde-userfeedbacklibkf6userfeedback-data
 kwallet6
libkf6wallet-data
libkf6wallet-dev
libkf6wallet-doc
libkf6wallet6
libkf6walletbackend6
libkf6walletbackend6kwallet6
 libkf6widgetsaddons-data
libkf6widgetsaddons-dev
libkf6widgetsaddons-doc
libkf6widgetsaddons6
 libkf6windowsystem-data
libkf6windowsystem-dev
libkf6windowsystem-doc
libkf6windowsystem6
qml6-module-org-kde-kwindowsystem
 libkf6xmlgui-data
libkf6xmlgui-dev
libkf6xmlgui-doc
libkf6xmlgui6
 libkf6modemmanagerqt-dev
libkf6modemmanagerqt-doc
libkf6modemmanagerqt6
libkf6modemmanagerqt6libkf6modemmanagerqt-doc
 libkf6networkmanagerqt-dev
libkf6networkmanagerqt-doc
libkf6networkmanagerqt6
qml6-module-org-kde-networkmanager
qml6-module-org-kde-networkmanagerlibkf6networkmanagerqt-dev
 libkf6prison-dev
libkf6prison-doc
libkf6prison6
libkf6prisonscanner6
qml6-module-org-kde-prison
 libkf6purpose-bin
libkf6purpose-data
libkf6purpose-dev
libkf6purpose6
libkf6purposewidgets6
qml6-module-org-kde-purpose
qml6-module-org-kde-purposelibkf6purpose-bin
 libkf6qqc2desktopstyle-data
libkf6qqc2desktopstyle-dev
qml6-module-org-kde-desktop
qml6-module-org-kde-desktoplibkf6qqc2desktopstyle-data
 libkf6solid-bin
libkf6solid-data
libkf6solid-dev
libkf6solid-doc
libkf6solid6
 libkf6sonnet-data
libkf6sonnet-dev
libkf6sonnet-dev-bin
libkf6sonnet-doc
libkf6sonnetcore6
libkf6sonnetui6
qml6-module-org-kde-sonnet
sonnet6-plugins
 libkf6syndication-dev
libkf6syndication-doc
libkf6syndication6
 libkf6syntaxhighlighting-data
libkf6syntaxhighlighting-dev
libkf6syntaxhighlighting-doc
libkf6syntaxhighlighting-tools
libkf6syntaxhighlighting6
qml6-module-org-kde-syntaxhighlighting
 libkf6threadweaver-dev
libkf6threadweaver-doc
libkf6threadweaver6
 libkf5filemetadata-bin
libkf5filemetadata-data
libkf5filemetadata-dev
libkf5filemetadata-doc
libkf5filemetadata3
 kfind
 kfloppy
 kfourinline
 kgamma
 kgamma5
 kgeography
kgeography-data
 kgeotag
 kget
 libkf5globalaccel-bin
libkf5globalaccel-data
libkf5globalaccel-dev
libkf5globalaccel-doc
libkf5globalaccel5
libkf5globalaccelprivate5
libkf5globalaccelprivate5libkf5globalaccel-bin
 kglobalacceld
libkglobalacceld-dev
libkglobalacceld0
 kgoldrunner
 kgpg
 libkf5guiaddons-bin
libkf5guiaddons-data
libkf5guiaddons-dev
libkf5guiaddons-doc
libkf5guiaddons5
libkf5guiaddons5libkf5guiaddons-data
 khangman
 khelpcenter
 libkf5holidays-data
libkf5holidays-dev
libkf5holidays-doc
libkf5holidays5
qml-module-org-kde-kholidays
 khotkeys
khotkeys-data
khotkeys-dev
 libkf5khtml-bin
libkf5khtml-data
libkf5khtml-dev
libkf5khtml5
 libkf5i18n-data
libkf5i18n-dev
libkf5i18n-doc
libkf5i18n5
libkf5i18nlocaledata5
qml-module-org-kde-i18n-localedata
 libkf5iconthemes-bin
libkf5iconthemes-data
libkf5iconthemes-dev
libkf5iconthemes-doc
libkf5iconthemes5
 libkf5identitymanagement-dev
libkf5identitymanagement5
libkf5identitymanagementwidgets5libkidentitymanagement-data
libkidentitymanagement-dev
libkpim6identitymanagementcore6
libkpim6identitymanagementquick6
libkpim6identitymanagementwidgets6
qml6-module-org-kde-kidentitymanagement
 libkf5idletime-dev
libkf5idletime-doc
libkf5idletime5
 kig
 kigo
 kile
kile-doc
kile-l10n
 killbots
 libkimageannotator-common
libkimageannotator-qt5-0
libkimageannotator-qt5-dev
libkimageannotator-qt6-0
libkimageannotator-qt6-dev
 kimageformat-plugins
 kimagemapeditor
 libkf5imap-data
libkf5imap-dev
libkf5imap5libkimap-data
libkimap-dev
libkpim6imap6
 kinfocenterkinfocenter
 kinit
kinit-dev
 kio
libkf5kio-dev
libkf5kio-doc
libkf5kiocore5
libkf5kiofilewidgets5
libkf5kiogui5
libkf5kiontlm5
libkf5kiowidgets5
libkf5kiowidgets5kio
 kio-extras
kio-extras-data
 kio-fuse
 kio-gdrive
 kio-gopher
 kipi-plugins
kipi-plugins-common
 kirigami2-dev
libkf5kirigami2-5
libkf5kirigami2-doc
qml-module-org-kde-kirigami2
 kirigami-addons-data
kirigami-addons-dev
kirigami-addons-devkirigami-addons-data
qml-module-org-kde-kirigami-addons-components
qml-module-org-kde-kirigami-addons-datetime
qml-module-org-kde-kirigami-addons-delegates
qml-module-org-kde-kirigami-addons-formcard
qml-module-org-kde-kirigami-addons-labs-components
qml-module-org-kde-kirigami-addons-labs-mobileform
qml-module-org-kde-kirigami-addons-settings
qml-module-org-kde-kirigami-addons-sounds
qml-module-org-kde-kirigami-addons-treeview
qml6-module-org-kde-kirigamiaddons-components
qml6-module-org-kde-kirigamiaddons-datetime
qml6-module-org-kde-kirigamiaddons-delegates
qml6-module-org-kde-kirigamiaddons-formcard
qml6-module-org-kde-kirigamiaddons-labs-components
qml6-module-org-kde-kirigamiaddons-settings
qml6-module-org-kde-kirigamiaddons-sounds
qml6-module-org-kde-kirigamiaddons-tableview
qml6-module-org-kde-kirigamiaddons-treeview
 kirigami-gallery
 kiriki
 libkf5itemmodels-dev
libkf5itemmodels-doc
libkf5itemmodels5
qml-module-org-kde-kitemmodels
 libkf5itemviews-data
libkf5itemviews-dev
libkf5itemviews-doc
libkf5itemviews5
 kiten
 libkitinerary-data
libkitinerary-dev
libkpim6itinerary6
libkpimitinerary-bin
libkpimitinerary-data
libkpimitinerary-dev
libkpimitinerary5libkitinerary-bin
 libkf5jobwidgets-data
libkf5jobwidgets-dev
libkf5jobwidgets-doc
libkf5jobwidgets5
 kjots
 libkf5js5
libkf5jsapi5
libkf5kjs-dev
 libkf5jsembed-data
libkf5jsembed-dev
libkf5jsembed5
 kjumpingcube
 kio-ldap
libkf5ldap-data
libkf5ldap-dev
libkf5ldap-doc
libkf5ldap5abi1kio-ldap
libkldap-data
libkldap-dev
libkldap-doc
libkpim6ldapcore6
libkpim6ldapwidgets6
 kleopatra
 klettres
klettres-data
 klickety
 klines
 kmag
 kmahjongg
 kmail
 accountwizard
 kde-config-mailtransport
kmailtransport-akonadi
libkf5mailtransport-data
libkf5mailtransport-dev
libkf5mailtransport5
libkf5mailtransportakonadi5
 libkf5mbox-dev
libkf5mbox5libkmbox-dev
libkpim6mbox6
 libkf5mediaplayer-data
libkf5mediaplayer-dev
libkf5mediaplayer5
 kmenueditkmenuedit
 libkf5mime-data
libkf5mime-dev
libkf5mime5abi1libkf5mime-data
libkf5mime5abi1t64libkmime-data
libkmime-dev
libkpim6mime6
 kmines
 kmix
 kmousetool
 kmouth
 kmplayer
 kmplot
 kmymoney
kmymoney-common
 knavalbattle
 knetwalk
 knewstuff-dialog
libkf5newstuff-data
libkf5newstuff-dev
libkf5newstuff-doc
libkf5newstuff5
libkf5newstuffcore5
libkf5newstuffwidgets5
qml-module-org-kde-newstuff
 knights
 knotes
 libkf5notifications-data
libkf5notifications-dev
libkf5notifications-doc
libkf5notifications5
qml-module-org-kde-notifications
 libkf5notifyconfig-data
libkf5notifyconfig-dev
libkf5notifyconfig-doc
libkf5notifyconfig5
 kolf
 kollision
 kolourpaint
 kompare
kpart5-kompare
libkompareinterface-dev
libkompareinterface5kompare
libkompareinterface5t64
 kongress
 konq-plugins
konqueror
libkf5konq-dev
libkf5konq6
 konquest
 konsole
konsole-kpart
konsole-kpartkonsole
 kontact
 libkf5kontactinterface-data
libkf5kontactinterface-dev
libkf5kontactinterface5libkontactinterface-data
libkontactinterface-dev
libkpim6kontactinterface6
 kontrast
 konversation
konversation-data
 kookbook
 libkopeninghours-dev
libkopeninghours1
python3-kopeninghours
qml-module-org-kde-kopeninghours
 kopete
kopete-data
libkopete-dev
libkopete1
 korganizer
 kosmindoormap-dev
libkosm1
libkosm1t64
libkosmindoormap1
libkosmindoormap1t64
qml-module-org-kde-kosmindoormap
qml-module-org-kde-kosmindoormapkosmindoormap-dev
 kpackagetool5
libkf5package-data
libkf5package-dev
libkf5package-doc
libkf5package5
 libkf5parts-data
libkf5parts-dev
libkf5parts-doc
libkf5parts-plugins
libkf5parts5
 kpat
 libkf5people-data
libkf5people-dev
libkf5people-doc
libkf5people5
libkf5peoplebackend5
libkf5peoplewidgets5
qml-module-org-kde-people
 kpeople-vcard
 kphotoalbum
 libkf5pimtextedit-data
libkf5pimtextedit-dev
libkf5pimtextedit-plugins
libkf5pimtextedit5abi2libkpimtextedit-data
libkpim6textedit6
libkpimtextedit-dev
 libkpipewire-dev
libkpipewire5
libkpipewire6
libkpipewiredmabuf5
libkpipewiredmabuf6
libkpipewirerecord5
libkpipewirerecord6
qml-module-org-kde-pipewirelibkpipewire-data
qml6-module-org-kde-pipewire
 libkpim6pkpass6
libkpimpkpass-dev
libkpimpkpass5libkpkpass-dev
 libkf5plotting-dev
libkf5plotting-doc
libkf5plotting5
 libkpmcore-dev
libkpmcore12
 libkproperty-data
libkproperty3-dev
libkpropertycore3-4
libkpropertywidgets3-4
 libkf5pty-data
libkf5pty-dev
libkf5pty-doc
libkf5pty5
 kpublictransport-data
libkpublictransport-dev
libkpublictransport1
libkpublictransportonboard1
qml-module-org-kde-kpublictransport
 qml-module-org-kde-charts
 kquickcharts-dev
qml-module-org-kde-quickcharts
 kquickimageeditor-dev
qml-module-org-kde-kquickimageeditor
 kraft
 krdc
 krename
 libkreport-data
libkreport3-4
libkreport3-dev
libkreport3-plugin-barcode
libkreport3-plugin-maps
libkreport3-plugin-web
 kreversi
 krfb
 krita
krita-data
krita-l10n
krita-l10nkrita
 kronometer
 kross
kross-dev
libkf5krosscore5
libkf5krossui5
 krossruby
 kruler
 libkf5runner-dev
libkf5runner-doc
libkf5runner5
qml-module-org-kde-runnermodel
 krusader
 libksanecore-dev
libksanecore1
 kscreenkscreen
 kde-config-screenlocker
kscreenlocker-dev
libkscreenlocker5kde-config-screenlocker
libkscreenlocker6
 libkseexpr-data
libkseexpr-dev
libkseexpr4
libkseexprui4
 libkf5service-bin
libkf5service-data
libkf5service-dev
libkf5service-doc
libkf5service5
 kshisen
 ksirk
 libkpim6smtp6
libkpimsmtp-data
libkpimsmtp-dev
libkpimsmtp5abi1libksmtp-data
libksmtp-dev
 ksnakeduel
 ksnip
 kspaceduel
 ksquares
 ksshaskpassksshaskpass
 kstars
kstars-data
kstars-datakstars
 ksudoku
 libkf5syntaxhighlighting-data
libkf5syntaxhighlighting-dev
libkf5syntaxhighlighting-doc
libkf5syntaxhighlighting-tools
libkf5syntaxhighlighting5
qml-module-org-kde-syntaxhighlighting
 ksystemlog
 ksystemstatsksystemstats
 kteatime
 ktechlab
 libkf6textaddons-data
libkf6textaddons-dev
libkf6textaddons-doclibkf6textaddonswidgets1
libkf6textaddonswidgets1
libkf6textautocorrectioncore1
libkf6textautocorrectionwidgets1
libkf6textcustomeditor1
libkf6textedittexttospeech1
libkf6textemoticonscore1
libkf6textemoticonswidgets1
libkf6textgrammarcheck1
libkf6texttranslator1
libkf6textutils1
libktextaddons-data
libktextaddons-dev
libktextaddons-doc
 ktexteditor-data
ktexteditor-katepart
libkf5texteditor-bin
libkf5texteditor-dev
libkf5texteditor-doc
libkf5texteditor5
 libkf5textwidgets-data
libkf5textwidgets-dev
libkf5textwidgets-doc
libkf5textwidgets5
 ktikz
qtikz
 ktimer
 ktimetracker
 libkf5tnef-dev
libkf5tnef5
 ktorrent
ktorrent-data
 ktouch
ktouch-data
 kde-config-telepathy-accounts
 kde-telepathy-approver
 kde-telepathy-auth-handler
 kde-telepathy-call-ui
 kde-telepathy-data
kde-telepathy-debugger
kde-telepathy-kaccounts
kde-telepathy-kpeople
libktp-dev
libktpcommoninternals9abi1
libktplogger9abi1
libktpmodels9abi1
libktpotr9
libktpwidgets9
qml-module-org-kde-telepathy
 kde-telepathy-contact-list
 plasma-runner-telepathy-contact
 kde-telepathy-desktop-applets
 kde-telepathy-filetransfer-handler
 kde-telepathy-integration-module
 kde-telepathy-send-file
 kde-telepathy-text-ui
 ktrip
 ktuberling
ktuberling-data
 kturtle
 kubrick
 libkf5unitconversion-data
libkf5unitconversion-dev
libkf5unitconversion-doc
libkf5unitconversion5
 kuserfeedback-bin
kuserfeedback-dev
kuserfeedback-doc
libkuserfeedback-l10n
libkuserfeedbackcore1
libkuserfeedbackcoreqt6-1
libkuserfeedbackwidgets1
libkuserfeedbackwidgetsqt6-1
qml-module-org-kde-userfeedback
qml6-module-org-kde-userfeedbacklibkuserfeedback-l10n
qt6-kuserfeedback-dev
 kvirc
kvirc-data
kvirc-modules
libkvilib5
 libkf5wallet-bin
libkf5wallet-data
libkf5wallet-dev
libkf5wallet-doc
libkf5wallet5
libkwalletbackend5-5libkf5wallet-bin
 kwalletmanager
 libpam-kwallet-common
libpam-kwallet5
libpam-kwallet5libpam-kwallet-common
 kwave
 kwayland-data
kwayland-dev
kwayland-doc
libkf5wayland-dev
libkf5wayland-doc
libkf5waylandclient5
libkf5waylandserver5kwayland-data
libkwaylandclient6
libkwaylandclient6kwayland6-data
 kwayland-integrationkwayland-integration
 libkf5widgetsaddons-data
libkf5widgetsaddons-dev
libkf5widgetsaddons-doc
libkf5widgetsaddons5
 kwin-common
kwin-data
kwin-dev
kwin-wayland
kwin-x11
libkwin6
libkwineffects14
libkwinglutils14kwin-common
 libkf5windowsystem-data
libkf5windowsystem-dev
libkf5windowsystem-doc
libkf5windowsystem5
 kwordquiz
 kwritedkwrited
 libkf5xmlgui-bin
libkf5xmlgui-data
libkf5xmlgui-dev
libkf5xmlgui-doc
libkf5xmlgui5
 libkf5xmlrpcclient-data
libkf5xmlrpcclient-dev
libkf5xmlrpcclient-doc
libkf5xmlrpcclient5
 kxstitch
kxstitch-common
 labplot
labplot-data
 liblager-dev
 latte-dock
 layer-shell-qt
liblayershellqtinterface-dev
liblayershellqtinterface5layer-shell-qt
liblayershellqtinterface6
qml6-module-org-kde-layershell
 liblensfun-bin
liblensfun-data-v1
liblensfun-data-v2
liblensfun-dev
liblensfun-doc
liblensfun1
liblensfun2
python3-lensfun
python3-lensfunliblensfun-dev
 gir1.2-accounts-1.0
libaccounts-glib-dev
libaccounts-glib-doc
libaccounts-glib-tools
libaccounts-glib0
 libaccounts-qt-doc
libaccounts-qt5-1
libaccounts-qt5-dev
libaccounts-qt6-1
libaccounts-qt6-dev
 libappimage-dev
libappimage1.0abi1t64
 libdbusmenu-qt5-2
libdbusmenu-qt5-dev
libdbusmenu-qt5-doc
 kde-config-cddb
libkf5cddb-dev
libkf5cddb5
 libkf5compactdisc-dev
libkf5compactdisc5
 kdegames-card-data-kf5
libkf5kdegames-dev
libkf5kdegames7
libkf5kdegamesprivate7
qml-module-org-kde-games-core
 libkdepim-data
libkdepim-dev
libkdepim-plugins
libkpim6libkdepim6
 libkeduvocdocument-data
libkeduvocdocument-dev
libkeduvocdocument5abi1
 libkexiv2qt6-0
libkexiv2qt6-dev
 libkf5calendarsupport-data
libkf5calendarsupport-dev
libkf5calendarsupport5abi1
 libkf5eventviews-data
libkf5eventviews-dev
libkf5eventviews5abi1
 libkf5grantleetheme-dev
libkf5grantleetheme-plugins
libkf5grantleetheme5
 libkf5gravatar-data
libkf5gravatar-dev
libkf5gravatar5abi2
 libkf5incidenceeditor-bin
libkf5incidenceeditor-data
libkf5incidenceeditor-dev
libkf5incidenceeditor5abi1
 libkf5kdcraw-dev
libkf5kdcraw5
 libkf5kexiv2-15.0.0
libkf5kexiv2-dev
 libkf5kipi-data
libkf5kipi-dev
libkf5kipi32.0.0
 kdegames-mahjongg-data-kf5
libkf5kmahjongglib-dev
libkf5kmahjongglib5
 libkf5kmanagesieve5
libkf5ksieve-data
libkf5ksieve-dev
libkf5ksieve5
libkf5ksieveui5
 libkf5libkdepim-data
libkf5libkdepim-dev
libkf5libkdepim-plugins
libkf5libkdepim5
 libkf5libkleo-data
libkf5libkleo-dev
libkf5libkleo5libkf5libkleo-data
libkf5libkleo5t64
 libkf5mailcommon-data
libkf5mailcommon-dev
libkf5mailcommon-plugins
libkf5mailcommon5abi2
 libkf5mailimporter-dev
libkf5mailimporter5
libkf5mailimporterakonadi5
 libkf5pimcommon-data
libkf5pimcommon-dev
libkf5pimcommon-plugins
libkf5pimcommon5abi2
libkf5pimcommonakonadi5abi1
libkf5pimcommonautocorrection5
 libkf5sane-data
libkf5sane-dev
libkf5sane5
 libkgapi-dev
libkpim6gapiblogger6
libkpim6gapicalendar6
libkpim6gapicore6
libkpim6gapidrive6
libkpim6gapilatitude6
libkpim6gapimaps6
libkpim6gapipeople6
libkpim6gapitasks6
libkpimgapi-data
libkpimgapi-dev
libkpimgapiblogger5abi1
libkpimgapicalendar5
libkpimgapicontacts5
libkpimgapicore5abi1
libkpimgapidrive5
libkpimgapilatitude5
libkpimgapimaps5
libkpimgapitasks5
libsasl2-modules-kdexoauth2
libsasl2-modules-kdexoauth2libkgapi-data
 libkpimgapi-data
libkpimgapi-dev
libkpimgapiblogger5abi1
libkpimgapicalendar5
libkpimgapicontacts5
libkpimgapicore5abi1
libkpimgapidrive5
libkpimgapilatitude5
libkpimgapimaps5
libkpimgapitasks5
 libkomparediff2-5
libkomparediff2-dev
 libkf5screen-bin
libkf5screen-data
libkf5screen-dev
libkf5screen8
libkf5screendpms8libkf6screen-bin
libkf6screen-data
libkf6screen-dev
libkf6screen-doc
libkf6screen8
libkf6screendpms8
 libkf5sysguard-bin
libkf5sysguard-data
libkf5sysguard-dev
libksgrd9
libksignalplotter9
libksysguard-data
libksysguard-dev
libksysguardformatter1
libksysguardformatter2
libksysguardsensorfaces1
libksysguardsensorfaces2
libksysguardsensors1
libksysguardsensors2
libksysguardsystemstats1
libksysguardsystemstats2
liblsofui9
libprocesscore10
libprocesscore9
libprocessui9
qml-module-org-kde-ksysguardlibksysguard-bin
qml6-module-org-kde-ksysguard
 libkf5torrent6abi3
libktorrent-dev
libktorrent-l10n
 libkf5mediawiki-dev
libkf5mediawiki5
 libnova-0.16-0t64
libnova-dev
libnova-dev-bin
 libplasma-dev
libplasma-doc
libplasma6
libplasmaquick6
plasma-desktoptheme
 libqaccessibilityclient-qt5-0libqaccessibilityclient-qt6-dev
libqaccessibilityclient-qt5-dev
libqaccessibilityclient-qt6-0
 gstreamer-qapt
kde-thumbnailer-deb
libqapt-dev
libqapt3
libqapt3-runtime
plasma-runner-installer
qapt-batch
qapt-deb-installer
qapt-utils
 gir1.2-signon-2.0
libsignon-glib-dev
libsignon-glib2
 libspectre-dev
libspectre1
 libunibreak-dev
libunibreak-doc
libunibreak6
 lokalize
 lskat
lskat-data
 libastro-dev
libastro1
libmarble-dev
libmarblewidget-qt5-28
marble
marble-data
marble-maps
marble-plugins
marble-qt
marble-qt-data
plasma-marble
 markdownpart
 mbox-importer
 libmd4c-dev
libmd4c-html0
libmd4c-html0-dev
libmd4c0
 kde-baseapps
kde-full
kde-plasma-desktop
kde-standard
kdeaccessibility
kdeadmin
kdeedu
kdegames
kdegraphics
kdemultimedia
kdenetwork
kdepim
kdesdk
kdetoys
kdeutils
kdewebdev
 kde-telepathy
kde-telepathy-minimal
 miloumilou
 minuet
minuet-data
 libkf5modemmanagerqt-doc
libkf5modemmanagerqt6
modemmanager-qt-dev
 neochat
 libkf5networkmanagerqt-dev
libkf5networkmanagerqt-doc
libkf5networkmanagerqt6
 ocean-sound-themeocean-sound-theme
 libkasten4controllers0
libkasten4core0
libkasten4gui0
libkasten4okteta2controllers0
libkasten4okteta2core0
libkasten4okteta2gui0
libokteta-l10n
libokteta3core0
libokteta3gui0
okteta
okteta-dev
 libokular5core11
okular
okular-dev
okular-extra-backends
okular-mobile
qml-module-org-kde-okular
 kde-style-oxygen-qt5
kde-style-oxygen-qt6
kwin-decoration-oxygen
liboxygenstyle5-5
liboxygenstyle5-6
liboxygenstyle6-6
liboxygenstyleconfig5-5
liboxygenstyleconfig5-6
liboxygenstyleconfig6-6
plasma-theme-oxygen
plasma-theme-oxygenkde-style-oxygen-qt5
 fonts-oxygen
 oxygen-icon-theme
 oxygen-soundsoxygen-sounds
 palapeli
palapeli-data
 parley
parley-data
 partitionmanager
 peruse
peruse-common
 libphonon-l10n
libphonon4qt5-4t64
libphonon4qt5-data
libphonon4qt5-dev
libphonon4qt5experimental-dev
libphonon4qt5experimental4t64
libphonon4qt6-4t64
libphonon4qt6-dev
libphonon4qt6experimental-dev
libphonon4qt6experimental4t64
phonon4qt5
phonon4qt5-backend-null
phonon4qt5settings
phonon4qt6
phonon4qt6-backend-null
 phonon-backend-gstreamer-common
phonon4qt5-backend-gstreamer
 phonon-backend-vlc-common
phonon4qt5-backend-vlc
phonon4qt6-backend-vlc
 picmi
 pim-data-exporter
 pim-sieve-editor
 libdlrestrictions-dev
libdlrestrictions1
pkg-kde-tools
 libplasma5support-data
libplasma5support-dev
libplasma5support6
qml6-module-org-kde-plasma-plasma5support
 libplasmaactivities-dev
libplasmaactivities6
libplasmaactivities6-doc
plasma-activities-bin
qml6-module-org-kde-activities
 libplasmaactivitiesstats-dev
libplasmaactivitiesstats-doc
libplasmaactivitiesstats1
 plasma-bigscreen
 plasma-browser-integrationplasma-browser-integration
 plasma-desktop
plasma-desktop-data
plasma-desktop-dev
plasma-desktop-devplasma-desktop
sddm-theme-breeze
sddm-theme-debian-breeze
 kde-config-updates
kde-config-updatesplasma-discover
plasma-discover
plasma-discover-backend-flatpak
plasma-discover-backend-fwupd
plasma-discover-backend-snap
plasma-discover-common
 plasma-disksplasma-disks
 plasma-firewallplasma-firewall
 libkf5plasma-dev
libkf5plasma-doc
libkf5plasma5
libkf5plasmaquick5
plasma-framework
plasma-frameworklibkf5plasma-dev
 plasma-gamemode
 plasma-gmailfeed
 plasma-integrationplasma-integration
plasma5-integration
 plasma-nanoplasma-nano
 kde-config-mobile-networkingplasma-nm
plasma-nm
 plasma-paplasma-pa
 plasma-pass
 plasma-remotecontrollers
 plasma-sdkplasma-sdk
 plasma-systemmonitorplasma-systemmonitor
 plasma-thunderboltplasma-thunderbolt
 plasma-vaultplasma-vault
 plasma-wayland-protocols
 plasma-welcomeplasma-welcome
 libcolorcorrect5
libcolorcorrect6
libkfontinst5
libkfontinst6
libkfontinstui5
libkfontinstui6
libkmpris6
libkworkspace5-5
libkworkspace6-6
libnotificationmanager1
libplasma-geolocation-interface5
libplasma-geolocation-interface6
libtaskmanager6
libtaskmanager6abi1
libweather-ion7
plasma-workspace
plasma-workspace-data
plasma-workspace-dev
plasma-workspace-wayland
sddm-theme-breeze
sddm-theme-debian-breezelibbatterycontrol6
 plasma-workspace-wallpapersplasma-workspace-wallpapers
 kde-config-plymouthkde-config-plymouth
 polkit-kde-agent-1polkit-kde-agent-1
 libpolkit-qt5-1-1
libpolkit-qt5-1-dev
libpolkit-qt6-1-1
libpolkit-qt6-1-dev
 libpowerdevilcore2
libpowerdevilui5
powerdevil
powerdevil-data
powerdevil-dev
powerdevil-devlibpowerdevilcore2
 poxml
 print-managerprint-manager
 libkf5prison-dev
libkf5prison-doc
libkf5prison5
libkf5prisonscanner5
qml-module-org-kde-prison
 projecteur
 libkf5pulseaudioqt-dev
libkf5pulseaudioqt-doc
libkf5pulseaudioqt2-doc
libkf5pulseaudioqt5
libkf6pulseaudioqt-dev
libkf6pulseaudioqt-doc
libkf6pulseaudioqt5
 libkf5purpose-bin
libkf5purpose-dev
libkf5purpose5
qml-module-org-kde-purpose
qml-module-org-kde-purposelibkf5purpose-bin
 
libpyside2-dev
libpyside2-py3-5.15t64
libshiboken2-dev
libshiboken2-py3-5.15t64
pyside2-tools
python-pyside2-doc
python3-pyside2.qt3dinput
python3-pyside2.qt3dlogic
python3-pyside2.qt3drender
python3-pyside2.qtcore
python3-pyside2.qthelp
python3-pyside2.qtlocation
python3-pyside2.qtmultimedia
python3-pyside2.qtmultimediawidgets
python3-pyside2.qtnetwork
python3-pyside2.qtpositioning
python3-pyside2.qtprintsupport
python3-pyside2.qtqml
python3-pyside2.qtquick
python3-pyside2.qtquickcontrols2
python3-pyside2.qtquickwidgets
python3-pyside2.qtremoteobjects
python3-pyside2.qtscript
python3-pyside2.qtscripttools
python3-pyside2.qtsensors
python3-pyside2.qtserialport
python3-pyside2.qttest
python3-pyside2.qttexttospeech
python3-pyside2.qtwebchannel
python3-pyside2.qtwebenginecore
python3-pyside2.qtwebenginewidgets
python3-pyside2.qtwidgets
python3-pyside2.qtx11extras
python3-pyside2.qtxml
shiboken2
shiboken2-doc
 libqbscore2.3
qbs
qbs-common
qbs-dev
qbs-doc
qbs-doc-html
qbs-examples
 libqca-qt5-2
libqca-qt5-2-dev
libqca-qt5-2-plugins
libqca-qt6-2
libqca-qt6-dev
libqca-qt6-plugins
libqca2-doc
qca-qt5-2-utils
qca-qt6-utils
 qconf
 libqcoro5core0t64
libqcoro5dbus0t64
libqcoro5network0t64
libqcoro5qml0t64
libqcoro5quick0t64
libqcoro5websockets0t64
libqcoro6core0t64
libqcoro6dbus0t64
libqcoro6network0t64
libqcoro6qml0t64
libqcoro6quick0t64
libqcoro6websockets0t64
qcoro-doc
qcoro-qt5-dev
qcoro-qt6-dev
 qgnomeplatform-qt5
qgnomeplatform-qt6
 libqqc2breezestyle-dev
qml-module-org-kde-qqc2breezestylelibqqc2breezestyle-dev
qml6-module-org-kde-breeze
 libkf5qqc2desktopstyle-dev
qml-module-org-kde-qqc2desktopstyle
 libqt53danimation5
libqt53dcore5
libqt53dextras5
libqt53dinput5
libqt53dlogic5
libqt53dquick5
libqt53dquickanimation5
libqt53dquickextras5
libqt53dquickinput5
libqt53dquickrender5
libqt53dquickscene2d5
libqt53drender5
qml-module-qt3d
qml-module-qtquick-scene2d
qml-module-qtquick-scene3d
qt3d-assimpsceneimport-plugin
qt3d-defaultgeometryloader-plugin
qt3d-gltfsceneio-plugin
qt3d-scene2d-plugin
qt3d5-dev
qt3d5-dev-tools
qt3d5-doc
qt3d5-doc-html
qt3d5-examples
 libqt5ct-common-dev
libqt5ct-common1.8
qt5ct
 python3-qt5reactor
 libqt63danimation6
libqt63dcore6
libqt63dextras6
libqt63dinput6
libqt63dlogic6
libqt63dquick6
libqt63dquickextras6
libqt63dquickscene2d6
libqt63drender6
qml6-module-qt3d-animation
qml6-module-qt3d-core
qml6-module-qt3d-extras
qml6-module-qt3d-input
qml6-module-qt3d-logic
qml6-module-qt3d-render
qml6-module-qtquick-scene2d
qml6-module-qtquick-scene3d
qt6-3d-assimpsceneimport-plugin
qt6-3d-defaultgeometryloader-plugin
qt6-3d-dev
qt6-3d-doc
qt6-3d-doc-dev
qt6-3d-doc-html
qt6-3d-examples
qt6-3d-gltfsceneio-plugin
qt6-3d-scene2d-plugin
 libqt6core5compat6
qml6-module-qt5compat-graphicaleffects
qt6-5compat-dev
qt6-5compat-doc
qt6-5compat-doc-html
qt6-5compat-examples
 libqt6concurrent6
libqt6core6t64
libqt6dbus6
libqt6gui6
libqt6network6
libqt6opengl6
libqt6openglwidgets6
libqt6printsupport6
libqt6sql6
libqt6sql6-ibase
libqt6sql6-mysql
libqt6sql6-odbc
libqt6sql6-psql
libqt6sql6-sqlite
libqt6test6
libqt6widgets6
libqt6xml6
qmake6
qmake6-bin
qt6-base-dev
qt6-base-dev-tools
qt6-base-doc
qt6-base-doc-dev
qt6-base-doc-html
qt6-base-examples
qt6-base-private-dev
qt6-gtk-platformtheme
qt6-qpa-plugins
qt6-xdgdesktopportal-platformtheme
 libqt6charts6
qml6-module-qtcharts
qt6-charts-dev
qt6-charts-doc
qt6-charts-doc-html
qt6-charts-examples
 libqt6bluetooth6
libqt6bluetooth6-bin
libqt6nfc6
qt6-connectivity-dev
qt6-connectivity-doc
qt6-connectivity-doc-html
qt6-connectivity-examples
 libqt6datavisualization6
qml6-module-qtdatavisualization
qt6-datavis3d-dev
qt6-datavis3d-doc
qt6-datavis3d-doc-html
qt6-datavis3d-examples
 
libqt6qml6
libqt6qmlcompiler6
libqt6qmlmodels6
libqt6qmlworkerscript6
libqt6quick6
libqt6quickcontrols2-6
libqt6quickshapes6
libqt6quicktemplates2-6
libqt6quicktest6
libqt6quickwidgets6
qml6-module-qmltime
qml6-module-qt-labs-animation
qml6-module-qt-labs-folderlistmodel
qml6-module-qt-labs-platform
qml6-module-qt-labs-qmlmodels
qml6-module-qt-labs-settings
qml6-module-qt-labs-sharedimage
qml6-module-qt-labs-wavefrontmesh
qml6-module-qtcore
qml6-module-qtqml
qml6-module-qtqml-base
qml6-module-qtqml-models
qml6-module-qtqml-workerscript
qml6-module-qtqml-xmllistmodel
qml6-module-qtquick
qml6-module-qtquick-controls
qml6-module-qtquick-dialogs
qml6-module-qtquick-effects
qml6-module-qtquick-layouts
qml6-module-qtquick-localstorage
qml6-module-qtquick-nativestyle
qml6-module-qtquick-particles
qml6-module-qtquick-shapes
qml6-module-qtquick-templates
qml6-module-qtquick-tooling
qt6-qmllint-plugins
qt6-qmltooling-plugins
 libqt6grpc6
libqt6protobuf6
libqt6protobufqtcoretypes6
libqt6protobufqtguitypes6
libqt6protobufwellknowntypes6
qt6-grpc-dev
qt6-grpc-doc
qt6-grpc-doc-dev
qt6-grpc-doc-html
qt6-grpc-examples
qt6-grpc-tools
 libqt6httpserver6
qt6-httpserver-dev
qt6-httpserver-doc
qt6-httpserver-doc-html
qt6-httpserver-examples
 qt6-image-formats-plugins
qt6-imageformats-doc
qt6-imageformats-doc-html
 libqt6jsonrpc6
libqt6languageserver6
qt6-languageserver-dev
qt6-languageserver-private-dev
 libqt6location6
qml6-module-qtlocation
qt6-location-dev
qt6-location-doc
qt6-location-doc-dev
qt6-location-doc-html
qt6-location-examples
qt6-location-plugins
 libqt6bodymovin6
qml6-module-qt-labs-lottieqt
qt6-lottie-dev
 libqt6multimedia6
libqt6multimediawidgets6
libqt6spatialaudio6
qml6-module-qtmultimedia
qml6-module-qtquick3d-spatialaudio
qt6-multimedia-dev
qt6-multimedia-doc
qt6-multimedia-doc-html
qt6-multimedia-examples
 libqt6networkauth6
qt6-networkauth-dev
qt6-networkauth-doc
qt6-networkauth-doc-dev
qt6-networkauth-doc-html
qt6-networkauth-examples
 libqt6positioning6
libqt6positioning6-plugins
libqt6positioningquick6
qml6-module-qtpositioning
qt6-positioning-dev
qt6-positioning-doc
qt6-positioning-doc-dev
qt6-positioning-doc-html
qt6-positioning-examples
qt6-positioning-private-dev
 libqt6quick3d6
libqt6quick3dassetimport6
libqt6quick3dassetutils6
libqt6quick3dglslparser6
libqt6quick3diblbaker6
libqt6quick3druntimerender6
libqt6quick3dutils6
qml6-module-qtquick3d
qml6-module-qtquick3d-assetutils
qml6-module-qtquick3d-effects
qml6-module-qtquick3d-helpers
qml6-module-qtquick3d-materialeditor
qml6-module-qtquick3d-particleeffects
qml6-module-qtquick3d-particles3d
qt6-qmltooling-quick3dprofiler-plugin
qt6-quick3d-assetimporters-plugin
qt6-quick3d-dev
qt6-quick3d-dev-tools
qt6-quick3d-doc
qt6-quick3d-doc-dev
qt6-quick3d-doc-html
qt6-quick3d-examples
qt6-quick3d-private-dev
 libqt6quick3dphysics6
qml6-module-qtquick3d-physics
qt6-quick3dphysics-dev
qt6-quick3dphysics-dev-tools
qt6-quick3dphysics-examples
 qml6-module-qtquick-timeline
qt6-quicktimeline-dev
 libqt6remoteobjects6
libqt6remoteobjects6-bin
qml6-module-qtremoteobjects
qt6-remoteobjects-dev
qt6-remoteobjects-doc
qt6-remoteobjects-doc-dev
qt6-remoteobjects-doc-html
qt6-remoteobjects-examples
 libqt6scxml6
libqt6scxml6-bin
libqt6statemachine6
qml6-module-qtqml-statemachine
qml6-module-qtscxml
qt6-scxml-dev
qt6-scxml-doc
qt6-scxml-doc-dev
qt6-scxml-doc-html
qt6-scxml-examples
 libqt6sensors6
qml6-module-qtsensors
qt6-sensors-dev
qt6-sensors-doc
qt6-sensors-doc-dev
qt6-sensors-doc-html
qt6-sensors-examples
 libqt6serialbus6
libqt6serialbus6-bin
qt6-serialbus-dev
qt6-serialbus-doc
qt6-serialbus-doc-dev
qt6-serialbus-doc-html
qt6-serialbus-examples
 libqt6serialport6
qt6-serialport-dev
qt6-serialport-doc
qt6-serialport-doc-html
qt6-serialport-examples
 libqt6shadertools6
qt6-shader-baker
qt6-shadertools-dev
qt6-shadertools-doc
qt6-shadertools-doc-dev
qt6-shadertools-doc-html
 libqt6texttospeech6
qml6-module-qttexttospeech
qt6-speech-dev
qt6-speech-doc
qt6-speech-doc-html
qt6-speech-examples
qt6-speech-flite-plugin
qt6-speech-speechd-plugin
 libqt6svg6
libqt6svgwidgets6
qt6-svg-dev
qt6-svg-doc
qt6-svg-doc-dev
qt6-svg-doc-html
qt6-svg-examples
 assistant-qt6
designer-qt6
designer-qt6-plugins
libqt6designer6
libqt6designercomponents6
libqt6help6
libqt6uitools6
linguist-qt6
qdbus-qt6
qt6-documentation-tools
qt6-l10n-tools
qt6-tools-dev
qt6-tools-dev-tools
qt6-tools-doc
qt6-tools-doc-dev
qt6-tools-doc-html
qt6-tools-examples
qt6-tools-private-dev
 qt6-translations-l10n
 libqt6virtualkeyboard6
qml6-module-qtquick-virtualkeyboard
qt6-virtualkeyboard-dev
qt6-virtualkeyboard-doc
qt6-virtualkeyboard-doc-html
qt6-virtualkeyboard-examples
qt6-virtualkeyboard-plugin
 libqt6waylandclient6
libqt6waylandcompositor6
libqt6wlshellintegration6
qml6-module-qtwayland-client-texturesharing
qml6-module-qtwayland-compositor
qt6-wayland
qt6-wayland-dev
qt6-wayland-dev-tools
qt6-wayland-doc
qt6-wayland-doc-html
qt6-wayland-examples
qt6-wayland-private-dev
 libqt6webchannel6
libqt6webchannelquick6
qml6-module-qtwebchannel
qt6-webchannel-dev
qt6-webchannel-doc
qt6-webchannel-doc-dev
qt6-webchannel-doc-html
qt6-webchannel-examples
 libqt6pdf6
libqt6pdfquick6
libqt6pdfwidgets6
libqt6webengine6-data
libqt6webenginecore6
libqt6webenginecore6-bin
libqt6webenginequick6
libqt6webenginewidgets6
qml6-module-qtquick-pdf
qml6-module-qtwebengine
qml6-module-qtwebengine-controlsdelegates
qt6-image-formats-plugin-pdf
qt6-pdf-dev
qt6-webengine-dev
qt6-webengine-dev-tools
qt6-webengine-doc
qt6-webengine-doc-dev
qt6-webengine-doc-html
qt6-webengine-examples
qt6-webengine-private-dev
 libqt6websockets6
qml6-module-qtwebsockets
qt6-websockets-dev
qt6-websockets-doc
qt6-websockets-doc-dev
qt6-websockets-doc-html
qt6-websockets-examples
qt6-websockets-private-dev
 libqt6webview6
qml6-module-qtwebview
qt6-webview-dev
qt6-webview-doc
qt6-webview-doc-html
qt6-webview-examples
qt6-webview-plugins
 libqt5concurrent5
libqt5concurrent5t64
libqt5core5a
libqt5dbus5
libqt5dbus5t64
libqt5gui5
libqt5gui5t64
libqt5network5
libqt5network5t64
libqt5opengl5
libqt5opengl5-dev
libqt5opengl5t64
libqt5printsupport5
libqt5printsupport5t64
libqt5sql5
libqt5sql5-ibase
libqt5sql5-mysql
libqt5sql5-odbc
libqt5sql5-psql
libqt5sql5-sqlite
libqt5sql5-tds
libqt5sql5t64
libqt5test5
libqt5test5t64
libqt5widgets5
libqt5widgets5t64
libqt5xml5
libqt5xml5t64
qt5-gtk-platformtheme
qt5-qmake
qt5-qmake-bin
qt5-xdgdesktopportal-platformtheme
qtbase5-dev
qtbase5-dev-tools
qtbase5-doc
qtbase5-doc-dev
qtbase5-doc-devlibqt5core5t64
qtbase5-doc-html
qtbase5-examples
qtbase5-private-dev
 libqt5gui5-gles
qtbase5-gles-dev
qtbase5-private-gles-dev
 libqt5charts5
libqt5charts5-dev
qml-module-qtcharts
qtcharts5-doc
qtcharts5-doc-html
qtcharts5-examples
 qtchooser
 libqt5bluetooth5
libqt5bluetooth5-bin
libqt5nfc5
qml-module-qtbluetooth
qml-module-qtnfc
qtconnectivity5-dev
qtconnectivity5-doc
qtconnectivity5-doc-html
qtconnectivity5-examples
 qtcreator
qtcreator-data
qtcreator-doc
qtcreator-docqtcreator
 gtk2-engines-qtcurve
kde-style-qtcurve-qt5
libqtcurve-utils2
qtcurve
qtcurve-l10n
 libqt5datavisualization5
libqt5datavisualization5-dev
qml-module-qtdatavisualization
qtdatavisualization5-doc
qtdatavisualization5-doc-html
qtdatavisualization5-examples
 libqt5qml5
libqt5qmlmodels5
libqt5qmlworkerscript5
libqt5quick5
libqt5quickparticles5
libqt5quickshapes5
libqt5quicktest5
libqt5quickwidgets5
qml
qml-module-qt-labs-animation
qml-module-qt-labs-folderlistmodel
qml-module-qt-labs-qmlmodels
qml-module-qt-labs-settings
qml-module-qt-labs-sharedimage
qml-module-qt-labs-wavefrontmesh
qml-module-qtqml
qml-module-qtqml-models2
qml-module-qtqml-statemachine
qml-module-qtqml-workerscript2
qml-module-qtquick-layouts
qml-module-qtquick-localstorage
qml-module-qtquick-particles2
qml-module-qtquick-shapes
qml-module-qtquick-window2
qml-module-qtquick2
qml-module-qttest
qmlscene
qt5-qmltooling-plugins
qtdeclarative5-dev
qtdeclarative5-dev-tools
qtdeclarative5-doc
qtdeclarative5-doc-dev
qtdeclarative5-doc-html
qtdeclarative5-examples
qtdeclarative5-private-dev
 libqt5quick5-gles
libqt5quickparticles5-gles
 qt5-doc
qt5-doc-html
qt5-quick-demos
 libqt5feedback5
qml-module-qtfeedback
qtfeedback5-dev
qtfeedback5-doc
qtfeedback5-examples
 libqt5gamepad5
libqt5gamepad5-dev
qml-module-qtgamepad
qtgamepad5-doc
qtgamepad5-doc-html
qtgamepad5-examples
 qml-module-qtgraphicaleffects
qtgraphicaleffects5-doc
qtgraphicaleffects5-doc-html
 libqt5glib-2.0-0
libqt5gstreamer-1.0-0
libqt5gstreamer-dev
libqt5gstreamerquick-1.0-0
libqt5gstreamerui-1.0-0
libqt5gstreamerutils-1.0-0
qml-module-qtgstreamer
qtgstreamer-doc
qtgstreamer-plugins-qt5
 qt5-image-formats-plugins
 libqt5keychain1
libqt6keychain1
qt5keychain-dev
qtkeychain-qt5-dev
qtkeychain-qt6-dev
 libqt5location5
libqt5location5-plugin-mapboxgl
libqt5location5-plugins
libqt5positioning5
libqt5positioning5-plugins
libqt5positioningquick5
qml-module-qt-labs-location
qml-module-qtlocation
qml-module-qtpositioning
qtlocation5-dev
qtlocation5-doc
qtlocation5-doc-dev
qtlocation5-doc-html
qtlocation5-examples
qtpositioning5-dev
 libqt5multimedia5
libqt5multimedia5-plugins
libqt5multimediagsttools5
libqt5multimediaquick5
libqt5multimediawidgets5
qml-module-qtaudioengine
qml-module-qtmultimedia
qtmultimedia5-dev
qtmultimedia5-doc
qtmultimedia5-doc-html
qtmultimedia5-examples
 libqt5networkauth5
libqt5networkauth5-dev
qtnetworkauth5-doc
qtnetworkauth5-doc-html
qtnetworkauth5-examples
 libqt5contacts5a
libqt5organizer5a
libqt5versit5a
libqt5versitorganizer5a
qml-module-qtcontacts
qml-module-qtorganizer
qtpim5-dev
qtpim5-doc
qtpim5-doc-html
qtpim5-examples
qtpim5-private-dev
 libqt5quickcontrols2-5
libqt5quicktemplates2-5
qml-module-qt-labs-calendar
qml-module-qt-labs-platform
qml-module-qtquick-controls2
qml-module-qtquick-templates2
qtquickcontrols2-5-dev
qtquickcontrols2-5-doc
qtquickcontrols2-5-doc-html
qtquickcontrols2-5-examples
qtquickcontrols2-5-private-dev
 qml-module-qtquick-controls
qml-module-qtquick-dialogs
qml-module-qtquick-extras
qml-module-qtquick-privatewidgets
qtquickcontrols5-doc
qtquickcontrols5-doc-html
qtquickcontrols5-examples
 libqt5remoteobjects5
libqt5remoteobjects5-bin
libqt5remoteobjects5-dev
qml-module-qtremoteobjects
qtremoteobjects5-doc
qtremoteobjects5-doc-html
qtremoteobjects5-examples
 libqt5script5
libqt5scripttools5
qtscript5-dev
qtscript5-doc
qtscript5-doc-html
qtscript5-examples
 libqt5scxml5
libqt5scxml5-bin
libqt5scxml5-dev
libqt5scxml5-private-dev
qml-module-qtscxml
qtscxml5-doc
qtscxml5-doc-html
qtscxml5-examples
 libqt5sensors5
libqt5sensors5-dev
qml-module-qtsensors
qtsensors5-doc
qtsensors5-doc-html
qtsensors5-examples
 libqt5serialbus5
libqt5serialbus5-bin
libqt5serialbus5-dev
libqt5serialbus5-plugins
qtserialbus5-doc
qtserialbus5-doc-html
qtserialbus5-examples
 libqt5serialport5
libqt5serialport5-dev
qt5serialport-examples
qtserialport5-doc
qtserialport5-doc-html
 libqt5texttospeech5
libqt5texttospeech5-dev
qtspeech5-doc
qtspeech5-doc-html
qtspeech5-examples
qtspeech5-flite-plugin
qtspeech5-speechd-plugin
 libqtspell-qt5-1
libqtspell-qt5-data
libqtspell-qt5-dev
libqtspell-qt5-html
 qt5-gtk2-platformtheme
qt5-style-plugin-cleanlooks
qt5-style-plugin-motif
qt5-style-plugin-plastique
qt5-style-plugins
 libqt5svg5
libqt5svg5-dev
qtsvg5-doc
qtsvg5-doc-html
qtsvg5-examples
 libqt5publishsubscribe5
libqt5publishsubscribe5t64
libqt5serviceframework5
libqt5systeminfo5
libqt5systeminfo5t64
qml-module-qtpublishsubscribe
qml-module-qtserviceframework
qml-module-qtsysteminfo
qtsystems5-dev
qtsystems5-examples
qtsystems5-exampleslibqt5serviceframework5t64
qtsystems5-private-dev
qtsystems5-tools
 libqt5designer5
libqt5designercomponents5
libqt5help5
qdbus-qt5
qdoc-qt5
qhelpgenerator-qt5
qt5-assistant
qtattributionsscanner-qt5
qttools5-dev
qttools5-dev-tools
qttools5-doc
qttools5-doc-html
qttools5-examples
qttools5-private-dev
 qttranslations5-l10n
 libqt5hunspellinputmethod5
libqt5virtualkeyboard5
libqt5virtualkeyboard5-dev
qml-module-qtquick-virtualkeyboard
qtvirtualkeyboard-plugin
qtvirtualkeyboard5-doc
qtvirtualkeyboard5-doc-html
qtvirtualkeyboard5-examples
 libqt5waylandclient5
libqt5waylandclient5-dev
libqt5waylandcompositor5
libqt5waylandcompositor5-dev
qml-module-qtwayland-client-texturesharing
qml-module-qtwayland-compositor
qtwayland5
qtwayland5-dev-tools
qtwayland5-doc
qtwayland5-doc-html
qtwayland5-examples
qtwayland5-private-dev
 libqt5webchannel5
libqt5webchannel5-dev
qml-module-qtwebchannel
qtwebchannel5-doc
qtwebchannel5-doc-html
qtwebchannel5-examples
 libqt5pdf5
libqt5pdfwidgets5
libqt5webengine-data
libqt5webengine5
libqt5webenginecore5
libqt5webenginewidgets5
qml-module-qtquick-pdf
qml-module-qtwebengine
qt5-image-formats-plugin-pdf
qtpdf5-dev
qtpdf5-doc
qtpdf5-doc-html
qtpdf5-examples
qtwebengine5-dev
qtwebengine5-dev-tools
qtwebengine5-doc
qtwebengine5-doc-html
qtwebengine5-examples
qtwebengine5-private-dev
 libqt5webkit5
libqt5webkit5-dev
qml-module-qtwebkit
 libqt5websockets5
libqt5websockets5-dev
qml-module-qt-websockets
qml-module-qtwebsockets
qtwebsockets5-doc
qtwebsockets5-doc-html
qtwebsockets5-examples
 libqt5webview5
libqt5webview5-dev
qml-module-qtwebview
qtwebview5-doc
qtwebview5-doc-html
qtwebview5-examples
 libqt5x11extras5
libqt5x11extras5-dev
qtx11extras5-doc
qtx11extras5-doc-html
 libqt5xmlpatterns5
libqt5xmlpatterns5-dev
qml-module-qtquick-xmllistmodel
qtxmlpatterns5-dev-tools
qtxmlpatterns5-doc
qtxmlpatterns5-doc-html
qtxmlpatterns5-examples
 quassel
quassel-client
quassel-core
quassel-data
 libqzxing-dev
libqzxing3
qml-module-qzxing
 libreadstat-dev
libreadstat1t64
readstat
 rkward
rkward-data
 rocs
 rsibreak
 sddm
sddm-theme-debian-elarun
sddm-theme-debian-maui
sddm-theme-elarun
sddm-theme-maldives
sddm-theme-maui
sddm-theme-maya
sddm-theme-mayasddm
 kde-config-sddmkde-config-sddm
 libsignon-extension1
libsignon-plugins-common1
libsignon-plugins-doc
libsignon-qt-doc
libsignon-qt5-1
libsignon-qt5-dev
libsignon-qt6-1
libsignon-qt6-dev
signon-plugin-password
signon-plugin-ssotest
signon-plugins-dev
signond
signond-dev
signond-doc
signond-doclibsignon-extension1
 signon-kwallet-extensionsignon-kwallet-extension
 signon-plugin-oauth2
signon-plugin-oauth2-dev
signon-plugin-oauth2-devsignon-plugin-oauth2
 signon-ui-service
signon-ui-servicesignon-ui-qt
signon-ui-x11
 skanlite
 skanpage
 skladnik
 skrooge
skrooge-common
 smb4ksmb4k
 libkf5solid-bin
libkf5solid-dev
libkf5solid-doc
libkf5solid5
libkf5solid5-data
qml-module-org-kde-solid
 libkf5sonnet-dev
libkf5sonnet-dev-bin
libkf5sonnet-doc
libkf5sonnet5-data
libkf5sonnetcore5
libkf5sonnetui5
qml-module-org-kde-sonnet
sonnet-plugins
 soundkonverter
 libstellarsolver-dev
libstellarsolver2
 step
 subtitlecomposer
 svgpart
 sweeper
 libkf5syndication-dev
libkf5syndication-doc
libkf5syndication5abi1
 systemsettingssystemsettings
 telepathy-accounts-signon
 libtelepathy-logger-qt-dev
libtelepathy-logger-qt5
 libtelepathy-qt5-0
libtelepathy-qt5-dev
libtelepathy-qt5-farstream0
 tellico
tellico-data
tellico-doc
tellico-scripts
 libkf5threadweaver-dev
libkf5threadweaver-doc
libkf5threadweaver5
 tokodon
 umbrello
umbrello-data
 verdigris
 kde-config-tabletkde-config-tablet
 xdg-desktop-portal-kdexdg-desktop-portal-kde
 yakuakeyakuake
 zanshin
 kde-zeroconf
 libzug-dev
 iwyu
 libedit-dev
libedit2
libeditreadline-dev
 clang
clang-format
clang-tidy
clang-tools
clangd
flang
libbolt-dev
libbolt-devllvm
libc++-dev
libc++-dev-wasm32
libc++1
libc++abi-dev
libc++abi-devllvm
libc++abi1
libclang-cpp-dev
libclang-dev
libclang-rt-dev
libclang-rt-dev-wasm32
libclang-rt-dev-wasm64
libclang1
libflang-dev
liblld-dev
liblldb-dev
libllvm-ocaml-dev
libomp-dev
libomp5
lld
lldb
llvm
llvm-bolt
llvm-dev
llvm-runtime
python-clang
python-lldb
python3-clang
python3-lldb
 clang-14
clang-14-doc
clang-14-examples
clang-format-14
clang-tidy-14
clang-tools-14
clangd-14
libc++-14-dev
libc++-14-dev-wasm32
libc++1-14
libc++1-14t64
libc++abi-14-dev
libc++abi-14-dev-wasm32
libc++abi1-14
libc++abi1-14t64
libclang-14-dev
libclang-common-14-dev
libclang-cpp14
libclang-cpp14-dev
libclang-cpp14t64
libclang-rt-14-dev
libclang-rt-14-dev-wasm32
libclang-rt-14-dev-wasm64
libclang1-14
libclang1-14t64
libclc-14
libclc-14-dev
libfuzzer-14-dev
liblld-14
liblld-14-dev
liblldb-14
liblldb-14-dev
liblldb-14t64
libllvm-14-ocaml-dev
libllvm14
libllvm14t64
libmlir-14
libmlir-14-dev
libmlir-14-devclang-14
libmlir-14t64
libomp-14-dev
libomp-14-doc
libomp5-14
libomp5-14t64
libpolly-14-dev
libunwind-14
libunwind-14-dev
libunwind-14t64
lld-14
lldb-14
llvm-14
llvm-14-dev
llvm-14-doc
llvm-14-examples
llvm-14-linker-tools
llvm-14-runtime
llvm-14-tools
mlir-14-tools
python3-clang-14
python3-lldb-14
 bolt-15
clang-15
clang-15-doc
clang-15-examples
clang-format-15
clang-tidy-15
clang-tools-15
clangd-15
flang-15
libbolt-15-dev
libc++-15-dev
libc++-15-dev-wasm32
libc++1-15
libc++1-15t64
libc++abi-15-dev
libc++abi-15-dev-wasm32
libc++abi1-15
libc++abi1-15t64
libclang-15-dev
libclang-common-15-dev
libclang-cpp15
libclang-cpp15-dev
libclang-cpp15t64
libclang-rt-15-dev
libclang-rt-15-dev-wasm32
libclang-rt-15-dev-wasm64
libclang1-15
libclang1-15t64
libclc-15
libclc-15-dev
libflang-15-dev
libflang-15-devclang-15
libfuzzer-15-dev
liblld-15
liblld-15-dev
liblldb-15
liblldb-15-dev
liblldb-15t64
libllvm-15-ocaml-dev
libllvm15
libllvm15t64
libmlir-15
libmlir-15-dev
libmlir-15t64
libomp-15-dev
libomp-15-doc
libomp5-15
libomp5-15t64
libpolly-15-dev
libunwind-15
libunwind-15-dev
libunwind-15t64
lld-15
lldb-15
llvm-15
llvm-15-dev
llvm-15-doc
llvm-15-examples
llvm-15-linker-tools
llvm-15-runtime
llvm-15-tools
mlir-15-tools
python3-clang-15
python3-lldb-15
 bolt-16
clang-16
clang-16-doc
clang-16-examples
clang-format-16
clang-tidy-16
clang-tools-16
clangd-16
flang-16
libbolt-16-dev
libc++-16-dev
libc++-16-dev-wasm32
libc++1-16
libc++1-16t64
libc++abi-16-dev
libc++abi-16-dev-wasm32
libc++abi1-16
libc++abi1-16t64
libclang-16-dev
libclang-common-16-dev
libclang-cpp16
libclang-cpp16-dev
libclang-cpp16t64
libclang-rt-16-dev
libclang-rt-16-dev-wasm32
libclang-rt-16-dev-wasm64
libclang1-16
libclang1-16t64
libclc-16
libclc-16-dev
libflang-16-dev
libflang-16-devclang-16
libfuzzer-16-dev
liblld-16
liblld-16-dev
liblldb-16
liblldb-16-dev
liblldb-16t64
libllvm-16-ocaml-dev
libllvm16
libllvm16t64
libmlir-16
libmlir-16-dev
libmlir-16t64
libomp-16-dev
libomp-16-doc
libomp5-16
libomp5-16t64
libpolly-16-dev
libunwind-16
libunwind-16-dev
libunwind-16t64
lld-16
lldb-16
llvm-16
llvm-16-dev
llvm-16-doc
llvm-16-examples
llvm-16-linker-tools
llvm-16-runtime
llvm-16-tools
mlir-16-tools
python3-clang-16
python3-lldb-16
 bolt-17
clang-17
clang-17-doc
clang-17-examples
clang-format-17
clang-tidy-17
clang-tools-17
clangd-17
flang-17
libbolt-17-dev
libc++-17-dev
libc++-17-dev-wasm32
libc++1-17t64
libc++abi-17-dev
libc++abi-17-dev-wasm32
libc++abi1-17t64
libclang-17-dev
libclang-common-17-dev
libclang-cpp17-dev
libclang-cpp17t64
libclang-rt-17-dev
libclang-rt-17-dev-wasm32
libclang-rt-17-dev-wasm64
libclang1-17t64
libclc-17
libclc-17-dev
libflang-17-dev
libfuzzer-17-dev
liblld-17
liblld-17-dev
liblldb-17-dev
liblldb-17t64
libllvm-17-ocaml-dev
libllvm17t64
libmlir-17-dev
libmlir-17t64
libomp-17-dev
libomp-17-doc
libomp5-17t64
libpolly-17-dev
libunwind-17-dev
libunwind-17t64
lld-17
lldb-17
llvm-17
llvm-17-dev
llvm-17-doc
llvm-17-examples
llvm-17-linker-tools
llvm-17-runtime
llvm-17-tools
mlir-17-tools
python3-clang-17
python3-lldb-17
 bolt-18
clang-18
clang-18-doc
clang-18-examples
clang-format-18
clang-tidy-18
clang-tools-18
clangd-18
flang-18
libbolt-18-dev
libc++-18-dev
libc++-18-dev-wasm32
libc++1-18
libc++abi-18-dev
libc++abi-18-dev-wasm32
libc++abi1-18
libclang-18-dev
libclang-common-18-dev
libclang-cpp18
libclang-cpp18-dev
libclang-rt-18-dev
libclang-rt-18-dev-wasm32
libclang-rt-18-dev-wasm64
libclang1-18
libclc-18
libclc-18-dev
libflang-18-dev
libfuzzer-18-dev
liblld-18
liblld-18-dev
liblldb-18
liblldb-18-dev
libllvm-18-ocaml-dev
libllvm18
libllvmlibc-18-dev
libllvmlibc-18-devclang-18
libmlir-18
libmlir-18-dev
libomp-18-dev
libomp-18-doc
libomp5-18
libpolly-18-dev
libunwind-18
libunwind-18-dev
lld-18
lldb-18
llvm-18
llvm-18-dev
llvm-18-doc
llvm-18-examples
llvm-18-linker-tools
llvm-18-runtime
llvm-18-tools
mlir-18-tools
python3-clang-18
python3-lldb-18
 bolt-19
clang-19
clang-19-doc
clang-19-examples
clang-format-19
clang-tidy-19
clang-tools-19
clangd-19
flang-19
libbolt-19-dev
libc++-19-dev
libc++-19-dev-wasm32
libc++1-19
libc++abi-19-dev
libc++abi-19-dev-wasm32
libc++abi1-19
libclang-19-dev
libclang-common-19-dev
libclang-cpp19
libclang-cpp19-dev
libclang-rt-19-dev
libclang-rt-19-dev-wasm32
libclang-rt-19-dev-wasm64
libclang1-19
libclc-19
libclc-19-dev
libflang-19-dev
libflang-19-devclang-19
libfuzzer-19-dev
liblld-19
liblld-19-dev
liblldb-19
liblldb-19-dev
libllvm-19-ocaml-dev
libllvm19
libllvmlibc-19-dev
libllvmlibc-19-devclang-19
libmlir-19
libmlir-19-dev
libomp-19-dev
libomp-19-doc
libomp5-19
libpolly-19-dev
libunwind-19
libunwind-19-dev
lld-19
lldb-19
llvm-19
llvm-19-dev
llvm-19-doc
llvm-19-examples
llvm-19-linker-tools
llvm-19-runtime
llvm-19-tools
mlir-19-tools
python3-clang-19
python3-lldb-19
 llvmlite-doc
llvmlite-docpython3-llvmlite
python3-llvmlite
 libswiftlang
swiftlang
swiftlang-dev
swiftlang-doc
 libz3-4
libz3-dev
libz3-java
libz3-jni
python3-z3
z3
 glibc-doc
glibc-source
libc-bin
libc-dev-bin
libc-devtools
libc-l10n
libc0.1
libc0.1-dbg
libc0.1-dev
libc0.1-dev-i386
libc0.1-i386
libc0.1-udeb
libc0.3
libc0.3-dbg
libc0.3-dev
libc0.3-udeb
libc6
libc6-amd64
libc6-dbg
libc6-dev
libc6-dev-amd64
libc6-dev-i386
libc6-dev-mips32
libc6-dev-mips64
libc6-dev-mipsn32
libc6-dev-powerpc
libc6-dev-ppc64
libc6-dev-s390
libc6-dev-sparc
libc6-dev-sparc64
libc6-dev-x32
libc6-dev-x32libc-bin
libc6-i386
libc6-mips32
libc6-mips64
libc6-mipsn32
libc6-powerpc
libc6-ppc64
libc6-s390
libc6-sparc
libc6-sparc64
libc6-udeb
libc6-x32
libc6.1
libc6.1-alphaev67libc-bin
libc6.1-dbg
libc6.1-dev
libc6.1-udeb
locales
locales-all
nscd
 libnsl-dev
libnsl2
 libnss-nis
 libnss-nisplus
 rpcsvc-proto
 tzdata
tzdata-legacy
 glibc-doc-reference
 
cpp
cpp-alpha-linux-gnu
cpp-arc-linux-gnu
cpp-for-build
cpp-for-host
cpp-x86-64-linux-gnu
g++
g++-alpha-linux-gnu
g++-arc-linux-gnu
g++-for-build
g++-for-host
g++-multilib
g++-x86-64-linux-gnu
gcc
gcc-alpha-linux-gnu
gcc-arc-linux-gnu
gcc-for-build
gcc-for-host
gcc-hppa64-linux-gnu
gcc-multilib
gcc-offload-amdgcn
gcc-offload-nvptx
gcc-x86-64-linux-gnu
gccgo
gccgo-alpha-linux-gnu
gccgo-for-build
gccgo-for-host
gccgo-multilib
gdc
gdc-for-build
gdc-for-host
gdc-multilib
gfortran
gfortran-alpha-linux-gnu
gfortran-arc-linux-gnu
gfortran-for-build
gfortran-for-host
gfortran-multilib
gm2
gm2-alpha-linux-gnu
gm2-arc-linux-gnu
gm2-for-build
gm2-for-host
gobjc
gobjc++
gobjc++-alpha-linux-gnu
gobjc++-arc-linux-gnu
gobjc++-for-build
gobjc++-for-host
gobjc++-multilib
gobjc++-x86-64-linux-gnu
gobjc-alpha-linux-gnu
gobjc-arc-linux-gnu
gobjc-for-build
gobjc-for-host
gobjc-multilib
gobjc-x86-64-linux-gnu
libgphobos-dev
 adwaita-icon-theme
 at-spi2-common
at-spi2-core
at-spi2-core-udeb
at-spi2-doc
gir1.2-atk-1.0
gir1.2-atk-1.0at-spi2-core
gir1.2-atspi-2.0
libatk-adaptor
libatk-adaptor-udeb
libatk-bridge-2.0-0-udeb
libatk-bridge2.0-0
libatk-bridge2.0-0t64
libatk-bridge2.0-dev
libatk1.0-0
libatk1.0-0t64
libatk1.0-dev
libatk1.0-doc
libatk1.0-udeb
libatspi0-udeb
libatspi2.0-0
libatspi2.0-0t64
libatspi2.0-dev
 baobab
 gnome-calls
gnome-calls-doc
 fonts-cantarell
 d-spy
dspy-common
libdspy-1-1
libdspy-dev
 dconf-cli
dconf-gsettings-backend
dconf-service
libdconf-dev
libdconf-doc
libdconf1
 dconf-editor
 devhelp
devhelp-common
gir1.2-devhelp-3.0
libdevhelp-3-6
libdevhelp-dev
 epiphany-browser
epiphany-browser-data
 evince
evince-common
gir1.2-evince-3.0
libevdocument3-4t64
libevince-dev
libevview3-3t64
 evolution-data-server
evolution-data-server-common
evolution-data-server-dev
evolution-data-server-doc
evolution-data-server-tests
gir1.2-camel-1.2
gir1.2-ebackend-1.2
gir1.2-ebook-1.2
gir1.2-ebookcontacts-1.2
gir1.2-ecal-2.0
gir1.2-edatabook-1.2
gir1.2-edatacal-2.0
gir1.2-edataserver-1.2
gir1.2-edataserverui-1.2
gir1.2-edataserverui4-1.0
libcamel-1.2-64t64
libcamel1.2-dev
libebackend-1.2-11t64
libebackend1.2-dev
libebook-1.2-21t64
libebook-contacts-1.2-4t64
libebook-contacts1.2-dev
libebook1.2-dev
libecal-2.0-3
libecal2.0-dev
libedata-book-1.2-27t64
libedata-book1.2-dev
libedata-cal-2.0-2t64
libedata-cal2.0-dev
libedataserver-1.2-27t64
libedataserver1.2-dev
libedataserverui-1.2-4t64
libedataserverui1.2-dev
libedataserverui4-1.0-0t64
libedataserverui4-dev
 folks-common
folks-tools
gir1.2-folks-0.7
libfolks-dev
libfolks-doc
libfolks-dummy-dev
libfolks-dummy-doc
libfolks-dummy26
libfolks-eds-dev
libfolks-eds-doc
libfolks-eds26
libfolks-telepathy-dev
libfolks-telepathy-doc
libfolks-telepathy26
libfolks26
 gcab
gir1.2-gcab-1.0
libgcab-1.0-0
libgcab-dev
libgcab-doc
libgcab-tests
 gcr
gir1.2-gck-1
gir1.2-gcr-3
libgck-1-0
libgck-1-dev
libgck-1-doc
libgcr-3-dev
libgcr-3-doc
libgcr-base-3-1
libgcr-ui-3-1
 gcr4
gir1.2-gck-2
gir1.2-gcr-4
libgck-2-2
libgck-2-dev
libgck-2-doc
libgcr-4-4
libgcr-4-dev
libgcr-4-doc
 gdk-pixbuf-tests
gdk-pixbuf-testslibgdk-pixbuf-2.0-0
gir1.2-gdkpixbuf-2.0
libgdk-pixbuf-2.0-0
libgdk-pixbuf-2.0-0-udeb
libgdk-pixbuf-2.0-dev
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0-udeb
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-bin
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-doc
 gdm3
gir1.2-gdm-1.0
libgdm-dev
libgdm1
 geocode-glib-common
geocode-glib-tests
gir1.2-geocodeglib-2.0
libgeocode-glib-2-0
libgeocode-glib-dev
libgeocode-glib-doc
 gir1.2-gexiv2-0.10
libgexiv2-2
libgexiv2-dev
libgexiv2-doc
 gi-docgen
gi-docgen-doc
 gjs
gjs-tests
libgjs-dev
libgjs0g
 gir1.2-girepository-3.0
gir1.2-girepository-3.0-dev
gir1.2-glib-2.0
gir1.2-glib-2.0-dev
libgirepository-2.0-0
libgirepository-2.0-dev
libglib2.0-0
libglib2.0-0t64
libglib2.0-bin
libglib2.0-data
libglib2.0-dev
libglib2.0-dev-bin
libglib2.0-doc
libglib2.0-doclibglib2.0-0
libglib2.0-doclibglib2.0-0t64
libglib2.0-tests
libglib2.0-udeb
 glib-networking
glib-networking-common
glib-networking-services
glib-networking-tests
 libglibmm-2.68-1t64
libglibmm-2.68-dev
libglibmm-2.68-doc
 gir1.2-gmime-3.0
gmime-bin
libgmime-3.0-0t64
libgmime-3.0-dev
libgmime-3.0-doc
 gir1.2-gnomeautoar-0.1
gir1.2-gnomeautoargtk-0.1
libgnome-autoar-0-0
libgnome-autoar-0-dev
libgnome-autoar-doc
libgnome-autoar-gtk-0-0
libgnome-autoar-gtk-0-dev
 gnome-backgrounds
 gir1.2-gnomebluetooth-3.0
gnome-bluetooth-3-common
gnome-bluetooth-sendto
libgnome-bluetooth-3.0-13
libgnome-bluetooth-3.0-dev
libgnome-bluetooth-doc
libgnome-bluetooth-ui-3.0-13
libgnome-bluetooth-ui-3.0-dev
 gnome-boxes
 gnome-builder
 gnome-calculator
 gnome-calendar
 gnome-characters
 gnome-clocks
 gnome-color-manager
 gnome-connections
 gnome-console
kgx
 gnome-contacts
 gnome-control-center
gnome-control-center-data
gnome-control-center-dev
 gir1.2-gnomebg-4.0
gir1.2-gnomedesktop-3.0
gir1.2-gnomedesktop-4.0
gir1.2-gnomerr-4.0
gnome-desktop-3-tests
gnome-desktop3-data
libgnome-bg-4-2t64
libgnome-bg-4-dev
libgnome-desktop-3-20t64
libgnome-desktop-3-dev
libgnome-desktop-3-dev-bin
libgnome-desktop-4-2t64
libgnome-desktop-4-dev
libgnome-desktop-doc
libgnome-rr-4-2t64
libgnome-rr-4-dev
 gnome-disk-utility
 gnome-font-viewer
 gnome-initial-setup
 gnome-keyring
gnome-keyring-pkcs11
libpam-gnome-keyring
 gnome-logs
 gnome-maps
 gir1.2-gmenu-3.0
gnome-menus
libgnome-menu-3-0
libgnome-menu-3-dev
 gnome-music
 gir1.2-goa-1.0
gnome-online-accounts
libgoa-1.0-0b
libgoa-1.0-common
libgoa-1.0-dev
libgoa-1.0-doc
libgoa-backend-1.0-2
libgoa-backend-1.0-dev
 gnome-remote-desktop
 gnome-session
gnome-session-bin
gnome-session-common
gnome-session-xsession
 gnome-settings-daemon
gnome-settings-daemon-common
gnome-settings-daemon-dev
 gnome-shell
gnome-shell-common
gnome-shell-extension-prefs
 gnome-shell-extensions
 gnome-software
gnome-software-common
gnome-software-dev
gnome-software-doc
gnome-software-plugin-deb
gnome-software-plugin-flatpak
gnome-software-plugin-fwupd
gnome-software-plugin-snap
 gnome-system-monitor
 gnome-text-editor
 gnome-tour
 gnome-user-docs
 gnome-user-share
 gnome-weather
 gir1.2-freedesktop
gir1.2-freedesktop-dev
gir1.2-girepository-2.0
gir1.2-girepository-2.0-dev
gobject-introspection
gobject-introspection-bin
libgirepository-1.0-1
libgirepository-1.0-dev
libgirepository1.0-dev
libgirepository1.0-doc
 gir1.2-gom-1.0
libgom-1.0-0t64
libgom-1.0-dev
libgom-1.0-doc
 gir1.2-grilo-0.3
libgrilo-0.3-0
libgrilo-0.3-bin
libgrilo-0.3-dev
libgrilo-0.3-doc
 grilo-plugins-0.3
 gir1.2-gdesktopenums-3.0
gsettings-desktop-schemas
gsettings-desktop-schemas-dev
 gir1.2-gsound-1.0
gsound-tools
libgsound-dev
libgsound-doc
libgsound0t64
 gir1.2-gspell-1
gspell-1-tests
libgspell-1-2
libgspell-1-common
libgspell-1-dev
libgspell-1-doc
 gir1.2-gssdp-1.6
gssdp-tools
libgssdp-1.6-0
libgssdp-1.6-dev
libgssdp-doc
 gir1.2-gtk-4.0
gir1.2-gtk-4.0libgtk-4-1
gtk-4-examples
gtk-4-tests
libgtk-4-1
libgtk-4-1-udeb
libgtk-4-bin
libgtk-4-common
libgtk-4-dev
libgtk-4-doc
libgtk-4-media-ffmpeg
libgtk-4-media-gstreamer
 gir1.2-gtk-3.0
gtk-3-examples
gtk-update-icon-cache
libgail-3-0
libgail-3-0t64
libgail-3-dev
libgail-3-doc
libgail-3-doclibgtk-3-0t64
libgtk-3-0
libgtk-3-0-udeb
libgtk-3-bin
libgtk-3-common
libgtk-3-dev
libgtk-3-doc
 gtk-doc-tools
 gir1.2-gtk-vnc-2.0
gvncviewer
libgtk-vnc-2.0-0
libgtk-vnc-2.0-dev
libgvnc-1.0-0
libgvnc-1.0-dev
 libgtkmm-4.0-0
libgtkmm-4.0-dev
libgtkmm-4.0-doc
 gir1.2-gtksource-4
libgtksourceview-4-0
libgtksourceview-4-common
libgtksourceview-4-dev
libgtksourceview-4-doc
libgtksourceview-4-tests
 gir1.2-gtksource-5
libgtksourceview-5-0
libgtksourceview-5-common
libgtksourceview-5-dev
libgtksourceview-5-doc
libgtksourceview-5-tests
 gir1.2-gupnp-1.6
libgupnp-1.6-0
libgupnp-1.6-dev
libgupnp-doc
 gir1.2-gupnp-av-1.0
libgupnp-av-1.0-3
libgupnp-av-1.0-dev
libgupnp-av-doc
 gir1.2-gupnpdlna-2.0
gupnp-dlna-tools
libgupnp-dlna-2.0-4
libgupnp-dlna-2.0-dev
libgupnp-dlna-doc
 gvfs
gvfs-backends
gvfs-common
gvfs-daemons
gvfs-fuse
gvfs-libs
 gir1.2-json-1.0
json-glib-tools
libjson-glib-1.0-0
libjson-glib-1.0-common
libjson-glib-dev
libjson-glib-doc
 gir1.2-jsonrpc-1.0
libjsonrpc-glib-1.0-1
libjsonrpc-glib-1.0-dev
libjsonrpc-glib-doc
 gir1.2-adw-1
libadwaita-1-0
libadwaita-1-dev
libadwaita-1-doc
libadwaita-1-examples
 gir1.2-dex-1
libdex-1-1
libdex-dev
libdex-doc
 gir1.2-gee-0.8
libgee-0.8-2
libgee-0.8-dev
 gir1.2-gsf-1
libgsf-1-114
libgsf-1-common
libgsf-1-dev
libgsf-bin
 gir1.2-gtop-2.0
libgtop-2.0-11
libgtop2-common
libgtop2-dev
libgtop2-doc
 gir1.2-gweather-4.0
libgweather-4-0t64
libgweather-4-common
libgweather-4-dev
 gir1.2-gxps-0.1
libgxps-dev
libgxps-doc
libgxps-utils
libgxps2t64
 gir1.2-handy-1
handy-1-examples
libhandy-1-0
libhandy-1-dev
 gir1.2-mediaart-2.0
libmediaart-2.0-0
libmediaart-2.0-dev
libmediaart-doc
 gir1.2-nma-1.0
gir1.2-nma4-1.0
libnma-common
libnma-dev
libnma-doc
libnma-gtk4-0
libnma-gtk4-dev
libnma-headers
libnma0
 gir1.2-notify-0.7
libnotify-bin
libnotify-dev
libnotify-doc
libnotify4
 gir1.2-panel-1
libpanel-1-1
libpanel-common
libpanel-dev
libpanel-doc
 gir1.2-peas-1.0
libpeas-1.0-0
libpeas-common
libpeas-dev
libpeas-doc
 gir1.2-peas-2
libpeas-2-0
libpeas-2-common
libpeas-2-dev
libpeas-2-doc
 gir1.2-rsvg-2.0
librsvg2-2
librsvg2-bin
librsvg2-common
librsvg2-dev
librsvg2-doc
librsvg2-tests
 gir1.2-secret-1
libsecret-1-0
libsecret-1-dev
libsecret-common
libsecret-tools
 gir1.2-shumate-1.0
libshumate-1.0-1
libshumate-common
libshumate-dev
libshumate-doc
 libsigc++-3.0-0
libsigc++-3.0-dev
libsigc++-3.0-doc
 gir1.2-soup-3.0
libsoup-3.0-0
libsoup-3.0-common
libsoup-3.0-dev
libsoup-3.0-doc
libsoup-3.0-tests
 loupe
 mm-common
 gir1.2-mutter-12
gir1.2-mutter-14
libmutter-12-0t64
libmutter-12-dev
libmutter-14-0
libmutter-14-dev
libmutter-test-12t64
libmutter-test-14
mutter
mutter-12-tests
mutter-14-tests
mutter-common
mutter-common-bin
mutter-common-binmutter
 gir1.2-nautilus-4.0
libnautilus-extension-dev
libnautilus-extension4
nautilus
nautilus-data
 orcaorca
 gir1.2-pango-1.0
libpango-1.0-0
libpango1.0-0
libpango1.0-dev
libpango1.0-doc
libpango1.0-udeb
libpangocairo-1.0-0
libpangoft2-1.0-0
libpangoxft-1.0-0
pango1.0-tests
pango1.0-tools
pango1.0-toolslibpango-1.0-0
 libpangomm-2.48-1t64
libpangomm-2.48-dev
libpangomm-2.48-doc
 chezdav
libphodav-3.0-0
libphodav-3.0-common
libphodav-3.0-dev
spice-webdavd
 python3-pyatspi
 python-gi-dev
python3-gi
python3-gi-cairo
 gir1.2-rest-1.0
gir1.2-restextras-1.0
librest-1.0-0
librest-dev
librest-doc
librest-extras-1.0-0
librest-extras-dev
 librygel-core-2.8-0
librygel-db-2.8-0
librygel-renderer-2.8-0
librygel-renderer-gst-2.8-0
librygel-ruih-2.8-0
librygel-server-2.8-0
rygel
rygel-2.8-dev
rygel-gst-launch
rygel-playbin
rygel-preferences
rygel-ruih
rygel-tracker
 simple-scan
 gnome-snapshotgnome-snapshot
 gnome-sushi
 libsysprof-6-6
libsysprof-6-dev
libsysprof-6-modules
libsysprof-capture-4-dev
sysprof
 tecla
 gir1.2-template-1.0
libtemplate-glib-1.0-0
libtemplate-glib-1.0-dev
libtemplate-glib-common
libtemplate-glib-doc
 gir1.2-totem-1.0
libtotem-dev
libtotem0
totem
totem-common
totem-plugins
 gir1.2-totemplparser-1.0
libtotem-plparser-common
libtotem-plparser-dev
libtotem-plparser18
 gir1.2-tracker-3.0
libtracker-doc
libtracker-sparql-3.0-0
libtracker-sparql-3.0-dev
tracker
tracker-test-utils
 tracker-extract
tracker-miner-fs
 libvala-0.56-0
libvala-0.56-dev
libvalacodegen-0.56-0
libvaladoc-0.56-0
libvaladoc-0.56-data
libvaladoc-0.56-dev
vala-0.56-doc
valac
valac-0.56-vapi
valac-bin
valadoc
 gir1.2-vte-2.91
gir1.2-vte-3.91
libvte-2.91-0
libvte-2.91-0-udeb
libvte-2.91-common
libvte-2.91-dev
libvte-2.91-doc
libvte-2.91-gtk4-0
libvte-2.91-gtk4-dev
libvte-2.91-gtk4-doc
libvte-2.91-gtk4-doclibvte-2.91-0
 xdg-desktop-portal-gnome
 libyelp-dev
libyelp0
yelp
 yelp-tools
 yelp-xsl
 exo-utils
libexo-2-0
libexo-2-dev
libexo-common
libexo-commonlibexo-2-dev
 gir1.2-garcon-1.0
gir1.2-garcongtk-1.0
libgarcon-1-0
libgarcon-1-0-dev
libgarcon-1-dev
libgarcon-common
libgarcon-commonlibgarcon-1-dev
libgarcon-gtk3-1-0
libgarcon-gtk3-1-dev
 gigolo
 gir1.2-libxfce4ui-2.0
libxfce4ui-2-0
libxfce4ui-2-dev
libxfce4ui-common
libxfce4ui-glade
libxfce4ui-utils
libxfce4ui-utilslibxfce4ui-2-0
 gir1.2-libxfce4util-1.0
libxfce4util-bin
libxfce4util-common
libxfce4util-commonlibxfce4util-dev
libxfce4util-dev
libxfce4util7
 gir1.2-libxfce4windowing-0.0
gir1.2-libxfce4windowingui-0.0
libxfce4windowing-0-0
libxfce4windowing-0-dev
libxfce4windowing-common
 gir1.2-lightdm-1
liblightdm-gobject-1-0
liblightdm-gobject-dev
liblightdm-qt5-3-0
liblightdm-qt5-3-dev
lightdm
lightdm-vala
 lightdm-gtk-greeter
 light-locker
 libmousepad-dev
libmousepad0
mousepad
 orage
orage-data
 parole
parole-dev
 ristretto
 gir1.2-thunarx-3.0
libthunarx-3-0
libthunarx-3-dev
thunar
thunar-data
thunar-datalibthunarx-3-dev
 thunar-archive-plugin
 thunar-media-tags-plugin
 thunar-vcs-plugin
 thunar-volman
 libtumbler-1-0t64
libtumbler-1-dev
libtumbler-1-devtumbler
tumbler
tumbler-common
tumbler-plugins-extra
 xfburn
 xfce4
 xfce4-appfinderxfce4-appfinder
 xfce4-battery-plugin
 xfce4-clipman
xfce4-clipman-plugin
 xfce4-cpufreq-plugin
 xfce4-cpugraph-plugin
 xfce4-datetime-plugin
 xfce4-dev-toolsxfce4-dev-tools
 xfce4-dict
 xfce4-diskperf-plugin
 xfce4-fsguard-plugin
 xfce4-genmon-plugin
 xfce4-goodies
 xfce4-indicator-plugin
 xfce4-mailwatch-plugin
 xfce4-mount-plugin
 xfce4-mpc-plugin
 xfce4-netload-plugin
 xfce4-notes
xfce4-notes-plugin
 xfce4-notifyd
 gir1.2-libxfce4panel-2.0
gir1.2-libxfce4panel-2.0xfce4-panel
libxfce4panel-2.0-4
libxfce4panel-2.0-dev
xfce4-panel
 xfce4-panel-profiles
 xfce4-places-plugin
 xfce4-power-manager
xfce4-power-manager-data
xfce4-power-manager-plugins
xfce4-power-manager-pluginsxfce4-power-manager
 xfce4-pulseaudio-plugin
 xfce4-screensaver
 xfce4-screenshooter
 xfce4-sensors-plugin
 xfce4-sessionxfce4-session
 xfce4-helpers
xfce4-helpersxfce4-settings
xfce4-settings
 xfce4-smartbookmark-plugin
 xfce4-systemload-plugin
 xfce4-taskmanager
 xfce4-terminal
 xfce4-timer-plugin
 xfce4-verve-plugin
 xfce4-wavelan-plugin
 xfce4-weather-plugin
 xfce4-whiskermenu-plugin
 xfce4-xkb-plugin
 gir1.2-xfconf-0
gir1.2-xfconf-0libxfconf-0-dev
libxfconf-0-3
libxfconf-0-dev
xfconf
xfconf-gsettings-backend
 xfdesktop4
xfdesktop4-data
xfdesktop4xfdesktop4-data
 xfwm4
 libqt5core5t64 libkirigami-data libkirigami-dev libkirigami-doc libkirigami6 libkirigamidelegates6 libkirigamidialogs6 libkirigamilayouts6 libkirigamiplatform6 libkirigamiprimitives6 libkirigamiprivate6 qml6-module-org-kde-kirigami libbatterycontrol6 libcolorcorrect6 libkmpris6 libkfontinst6 libkfontinstui6 libkworkspace6-6 libnotificationmanager1 libplasma-geolocation-interface6 libtaskmanager6 libweather-ion7 plasma-workspace plasma-workspace-data plasma-workspace-dev
Pin: release a=experimental   
Pin-Priority: 600
